7 PM.Ancheng East Road, Police Station.With the cooperation of Fan Xiao, the record was quickly completed.An hour ago, Fan Xiao experienced an assault case.In the process of resisting, he accidentally sent the attacker to the hospital.And now, this scene unfolded.“Captain Wang, you’re back.”A greeting sounded as an old detective walked in from outside the door.Seeing Fan Xiao, the old detective paused for a moment, and started walking towards them. He picked up the record on the table to examine it carefully. Then, he showed a speechless expression to Fan Xiao. “Why is it you again, kid? Can’t you stay out of trouble?”“Captain Wang, I’m the victim,” Fan Xiao said.“The victim… You were suddenly attacked while jogging. In the process of resisting, you first blinded the attacker with tear gas, then used a stun gun to incapacitate them. Seeing that they were still conscious, you proceeded to strike their head with a wrench, causing them to faint. Finally, you bound the attacker’s hands and feet with a restraint strap. In addition to all this, you were carrying a knife and a windproof lighter…”The old detective sat down and read through the record again, wearing an expression of exhaustion. “You’re telling me that you need all these things just to go for a run?”“Captain Wang, you know that I often have bad luck and always get involved in dangerous situations. So far, I’ve had to subdue 47 criminals, made 112 records, and been to the emergency room 6 times myself.”Fan Xiao calmly replied, “So even during regular exercise, I don’t feel safe. It’s reasonable for me to carry some simple tools for self-defence, right?”“…”The old detective glanced at the record a few more times.“Why did you go for a workout at 4 PM? Jogging isn’t done at this hour.”“I was too bored. I wanted to run a little longer.”Fan Xiao defended himself.“I am not lying. It really was a sudden attack.”“I wasn’t suspecting you. I was just asking casually.”“Heh.”“… I remember you found a job, something related to graphic design at an advertising company, right? You go for a workout at 4 PM. Don’t you have to go to work?”“I quit. The client was too difficult to deal with.”“You quit so soon? Young people need to be more patient. It’s not easy to find a job these days.”The old detective set aside the record and spoke in a caring tone, emphasizing the importance. “You’ve been out of school for a year now. You can’t rely on your family to support you. Stand on your own feet.”“I don’t need my family to support me,” Fan Xiao said. “I’ve won the lottery four times. I’m already financially free. I can live comfortably without working. It’s just a bit boring.”“… Four times in the lottery!?”The old detective showed surprise on his face. “Why haven’t you mentioned it before?”“You never asked.”“With your bad luck… uh, I mean, with your luck, you actually won the lottery?”“A person won’t be unlucky forever.” Fan Xiao smiled. “Every time I have a streak of bad luck, I’ll hit a stroke of good luck. Although my luck keeps fluctuating, in the end… It balances out.”…Fan Xiao wasn’t lying.His luck did indeed balance out. As unlucky as he was, he would have an equal amount of good luck.But he didn’t reveal the whole truth.He was actually a superhuman.At a young age, Fan Xiao discovered that his “luck” was like money; it could accumulate.Once the amount reached a certain level, he could use it all at once and be guaranteed a stroke of good luck.But, there were side effects to accumulating luck.During the accumulation period, without the protection of luck, a person would become unlucky.And as the duration of maintaining his superpower increased, the more luck he accumulated, the greater the degree of misfortune.At first, it might just be stepping on poop while walking.Later on, he would get involved in various troubles and dangerous incidents.Theft, robbery, human trafficking, car accidents, murder…Today, Fan Xiao encountered a murder case.And he happened to be the target.“Really unlucky.”After coming out of the police station, it was already 7:30 in the evening.Fan Xiao looked at the street illuminated by lights in the distance and let out a soft sigh.He was attacked by an “evolver.”If it weren’t for his experience in handling crises, he would have been in serious trouble.A little over a month ago, a few individuals among humans underwent physical mutations.Their appetites increased significantly, and their physical fitness also improved greatly. At the same time, they developed a strong predatory desire towards various animals and insects.There was a heated discussion online.Although related posts, news, and videos were quickly deleted, many pieces of information still leaked out.In the end, this group of mutated individuals had a unified name—Evolvers.The reason Fan Xiao didn’t dismiss this information as a rumour was because he inexplicably became one of the “Evolvers” himself.This troubled him for a while.Indeed, his strength had increased, but the drawbacks were tormenting.No matter how much regular food Evolvers ate, it only replenished their energy, and they could never alleviate the deep “hunger” from within.Fan Xiao constantly had the urge to hunt and tear apart living beings, devouring their flesh and blood.It was as if only the most primal form of feeding could satisfy his hunger.He had been eyeing the neighbour’s Husky for over a month.He was about to lose control.Today.Fan Xiao discovered another drawback of being an Evolver.That was, Evolvers seemed to have predatory desires towards humans as well.The person who attacked him was yelling, “You smell so good,” while opening his mouth, attempting to bite off flesh from his body to devour.“The consequence of indulging in appetite is eventually desiring to eat even humans…”Fan Xiao furrowed his brow.This issue needed to be addressed; he didn’t want to descend into becoming a monstrous cannibal.Fortunately,He was an individual with superpowers.He could use his accumulated luck to solve many things.Fan Xiao silently stopped accumulating luck.Instantly, his luck returned to a balanced state.This meant that he wouldn’t experience any more misfortune in the future.Originally, Fan Xiao intended to challenge himself and see how outrageous his luck could accumulate.Previously, he could accumulate luck for a maximum of one month before being forced to stop due to various troublesome events.And one month’s worth of luck was enough for him to easily win the lottery.This time, he persisted for two months.He suffered three incidents that endangered his life due to his misfortune.But, he managed to overcome them all.Now, using up the accumulated luck made him quite unwilling.However, in order to avoid becoming a cannibalistic monster, he had no choice but to do so.“Let’s hope that the luck accumulated over two months will help resolve everything smoothly.”Fan Xiao began to contemplate what wishes to make.Good luck, to some extent, represented the ability to have one’s desires come true.The world would revolve around him, providing all favourable conditions and delivering the things he needed, directly or indirectly, to help him fulfil his wishes.Just as Fan Xiao was about to release his luck.Suddenly, a virtual screen appeared before his eyes, barring his vision.[Detected Evolver…][Congratulations on obtaining the qualification as a novice player for the Evolution Game][The Evolution Game developed by the “Ninth Dimension Union” company is dedicated to promoting the evolution of all human beings. We look forward to your performance][Life trajectory detection in progress…][Detection complete. The following are game professions suitable for you, please choose][1. Weaver of Fate][2. Dark Knight][3. Assassin][Note: Game professions are related to talent development, please choose carefully]“The solution… it seems to have presented itself.”Fan Xiao suddenly felt a significant reduction in hunger, and a look of astonishment appeared on his handsome face.Could today be his lucky day?>>MORE CHAPTERSHERE