Right above the painting, cardboard boxes full of goods resembled huge rocks falling from a mountain, and the oppressive and dignified black resembled a shadow that covered the entire sky.The helpless child’s mouth was wide open in the middle of the painting, and his eyes were full of fear of death. Above his head, the god of death cast a shadow, and everything around him was dark and heartbreaking.In the distance behind the child, was a mother with one hand covering her mouth while tears streaming down her face like a waterfall, and the other hand attempting to grasp something on the side, but her hand could not penetrate the thick layer of darkness; she could not save her child.She looked over to this side, her eyes full of despair, full of prayer. She prayed for a miracle to happen, prayed for the appearanxiaoce of a hero.So, on the right side of the drawing board, the hero in a white windbreaker coat appeared with an elegant mask.#pleasereadthisnovelatwondernovels.comHis body was surrounded by divine white light, and the despair and darkness suddenly receded like a tide. His tall figure seemed to support the sky; his thick and powerful hands went towards the helpless child, and the windbreaker danced like the majestic winge of an angel, giving away countless lights.The heavy and dark depression in the whole picture was dispelled and disintegrated under this pure white light. Because at that moment, the hero finally arrived!“My Big Hero My Big Hero, do you feel that I have made progress this time?”Liu Mengning took Su Mingyuan’s hand and pointed to the works she had drawn with great concentration, looking like she was asking for praise.Although he knew that Liu Mengning initially wanted to paint the example of the incident today, he thought that she just found it interesting to draw, and she would certainly not pour too much effort.But, when she really painted such a work seriously, when he saw that work with his own eyes.Su Mingyuan’s unbearable itchiness and small complaints during the waiting process suddenly disappeared without a trace.This work couldn’t be compared with the level of the master, but whoever saw this painting would be attracted by the most dazzling figure in the painting, feeling the kind and noble character of the man in the painting from that brushstroke.Because in that painting, Liu Mengning’s true feelings were poured.This showed that in her mind, he was such a dazzling and bright person.Su Mingyuan stared at this painting full of Liu Mengning’s emotions. Glaring at his own dazzling self, his eyes did not look away for a long time.It was silent, wordless, but it was her best confession to him.A warm emotion suddenly gushed out of Su Mingyuan’s heart.In the past two weeks, he has experienced so many things. Only he told others, only he went to comfort and encourage others, but no one had ever used such a picture to tell him that he was a noble knight, brilliant and dazzling.That you are… a hero.“My Big Hero, I want to call this painting “Hero”, do you think this name sounds good?” Liu Mengning shook his hand lightly and asked him with a smile.Since when did she hold my hand? It seems like… just now?But why… there is no feeling of discomfort at all? I held hands with her naturally without even noticing.“Whatever… whatever you like.”Su Mingyuan showed a rare shyness at that moment, and did not dare to look into her eyes.“Hehe, My Big Hero, are you embarrassed?”Su Mingyuan did not dare to meet her eyes, but she turned her face to him, and her charming eyes curved into the shape of a crescent moon. She blinked at him, appearing extremely cunning and trying to seduce his heart in that way.The shyness she showed after being touched by Su Mingyuan while she was painting couldn’t be seen right now, but the person who was embarrassed instead was Su Mingyuan!“My Big Hero, you saved me in the park two days ago, and today you saved the little boy. You didn’t hesitate to lend a helping hand to people in need without knowing each other, these are all things I saw with my own eyes!”Liu Mengning smiled and stretched out het hand to straighten Su Mingyuan’s turned head, scratched his nose mischievously, looked into his eyes, and said seriously, “So there’s nothing to be embarrassed about, because My Big Hero, you are a dazzling hero in my mind!”Ah, she said it!She said it!Su Mingyuan’s heart shook in a flurry, and the perfect defensive mental barrier that he had previously constructed was broken once by Murong Hongxue, and now, it was being broken repeatedly by Liu Mengning’s attack.He stared at Liu Mengning’s serious and gentle eyes, and suddenly felt that these eyes were as intoxicating as the lake under the moonlit night.“Ah, I suffered, I took painting too seriously. I got paint on my hands and face, and I accidentally wiped some on My Big Hero’s face. I’m sorry, I’m going to get a clean damp cloth to wipe it for you.”Liu Mengning saw the traces of paint left by her fingers on Su Mingyuan’s face, her complexion suddenly turned red, and she shook her head and said in a panic.Damn it, why does even her flustered appearance make me so moved?Su Mingyuan only felt that his heart had been hit by another arrow.He didn’t expect that the strategy to take down Liu Mengning had not yet begun, and he was…  to be taken down first?—–WANT TO READ MORE???CLICK HERE