“It appears… Junior Brother, you went to befriend Liu Mengning because of me…”“Yeah, Senior Brother, your film and television company is a start-up, so if you can get into the market now and invest in Liu Mengning’s new movie, you’ll be famous soon, right? Don’t worry, Liu Mengning and I have already agreed on the investment meeting for tomorrow. Senior Brother, you will get the final spot for sure!”Su Mingyuan’s tone was firm and decisive, despite the fact that he had not agreed with Liu Mengning at all.Son, you must demonstrate your strength tomorrow because I, your father, played a significant role in this!“Really? Junior Brother, thank you!” Upon hearing this, Xiao Ran grasped his hand with great emotion, his throat slightly constricted.It turned out that secretly, it was the junior brother who did so much for him without expecting anything in return!“Since we share the same master, why do you need to feel grateful?” Su Mingyuan smiled and pulled out his hand without a trace.“That, Junior Brother, there is one more thing …”Xiao Ran scratched his cheek, and looked at him with some embarrassment, saying, “What is the relationship between you and Liu Mengning…”“Friend, we are just friends,” Su Mingyuan said lightly.Friend?Good friend!Xiao Ran’s heart flared up all of a sudden.Since Liu Mengning had treated him and his younger brother in different ways, even going as far as giving them different titles, Xiao Ran felt very sour and bitter.But now, it turned out that the junior brother approached Liu Mengning only for himself and they were just simple friends!Does this not mean that ……?“Junior brother, actually …… actually I have a little bit of that feeling …… towards Liu Mengning.”Despicable!Xiao Ran once more employed this despicable strategy with a hidden underlying message of coercion, relying on Su Mingyuan’s tolerance and favour toward him.Junior Brother, since you and Liu Mengning are friends, then… I can pursue her, right? Can you help me?Isn’t that what this sentence by Xiao Ran meant?Xiao Ran was just shameless and greedy; he wanted not only the selfless help and dedication from his Junior Brother Su Mingyuan, but also his assistance in winning the heart of beauty.Su Mingyuan suddenly narrowed his eyes slightly. “Senior Brother, I remember that you seem to be pursuing the eldest lady of the Xia family?“Uh…haha, this… this…” Xiao Ran was immediately at loss of words, and scratched his head sheepishly. Asking his Junior Brother to help him win Liu Mengning was no longer easy to say.However, Su Mingyuan was not going to let him go down the steps.Good Xiao Ran. I, your Dad,  treat you so well, but you still want to rob the woman I like?You unfaithful son, it appears that I must do something drastic here today!And wake you up from your delusions!“Senior Brother, although a fair lady is a gentleman’s desire, I hope you don’t forget why you worked so hard abroad and why you returned here.”Su Mingyuan’s expression was solemn and stern, and his tone seemed as if he was scolding.Xiao Ran had never seen his junior brother make such an expression toward him; for a brief moment, he couldn’t help but be stunned.“I was secretly helping you with the layout, working hard, facing huge risks and crises, and chose to accompany you to face the behemoth of the Xiao family.”“I did all of this to assist you in fulfilling your desires, not to assist you in pursuing women!”Having said that, Su Mingyuan gave Xiao Ran a disappointed look.“Women’s charm is a hero’s grave. I hope, Senior Brother, that you do not forget your initial objective. If you do, you don’t need my help!”After he spoke, he snorted with great displeasure and ruffled his sleeves in an angry way. He then walked away, leaving Xiao Ran alone, whose face turned pale for a while.If someone else yelled at Xiao Ran like that, he would be furious and teach them a lesson right away. How could someone scold the king of killers?However, under Su Mingyuan’s fierce rebuke, Xiao Ran was completely unable to spit a single word.What qualifications did he have to get angry with this Junior Brother?On the contrary, seeing this Junior Brother getting angry at him and showing such a stern and disappointed expression to him, Xiao Ran was so nervous that he didn’t even dare to take a breath.And now, after listening to what his Junior Brother said, he felt extremely ashamed.Yes, what if Liu Mengning is beautiful and tempting?I came back with strong hatred to destroy the Xiao family and avenge my parents. This is my most important purpose. How can I be distracted by beauty?How can I forget my original intention?Thinking of Su Mingyuan’s angry look when he left, Xiao Ran felt a burst of guilt and gratitude.Women will only affect my plans for revenge, and in order to take revenge, I must have no one else in my heart and put aside all distractions.Fortunately, my Junior Brother woke me up.Xiao Ran closed his eyes and clenched his fists.When he opened his eyes again to look into the distance, his eyes were filled with firm will.…………This unfilial son of a bitch, really wants to rely on my favour and begins to have wishful thinking.Do you want me to be an assistant to help you win Liu Mengning?Oh, what an unfilial son! Without my words, do you truly believe you can fly to the sky and stand shoulder to shoulder with the sun?Su Mingyuan hummed a few discontented words, then set aside his displeasure and proceeded towards the hotel where Liu Mengning was residing.At the moment when he knocked on the door, Liu Mengning’s face suddenly showed infinite joy, as if a white and beautiful lily bloomed happily with his arrival.“My Big Hero, you’re here! Look, I posted my painting on the Internet. Now a lot of people are praising you as a hero!”While pulling Su Mingyuan into the room, she took out her mobile phone and flipped through the messages for him to see.In fact, Su Mingyuan had just watched it at home, but being pulled by Liu Mengning like this, and seeing so many people praising him, and calling him a hero, gave him a little joy.As well as……He gazed down at the girl in front of him, and the malicious spirit entered his heart once more, hammering it.Heartbeat… so strong.Liu Mengning just raised her head, met his eyes, and winked at him with a smile.“My Big Hero , you are now not only my hero, but also a famous white hero of all people. Are you happy?”Her slim and thick eyelashes were like fluttering butterflies, and her intelligent and clear eyes were like talking stars, emitting a ray of light that struck his heart immediately.Hang on, hold on, I will not allow her to break my defence!Su Mingyuan forcibly stabilised his mind and remembered the purpose of coming here this time.“Mengning, in fact, this time, I have something to ask for your help…”“What’s the matter?” Liu Mengning looked at him curiously.Su Mingyuan explained his intention.“Oh, My Big Hero, you hope I can give your senior brother Xiao Ran the investor quota, right?” Liu Mengning tilted her head cutely and supported her chin with her jade-like long finger.“Alright, I agree!”“You agree?” Su Mingyuan was surprised that it was so simple; he just mentioned it, and Liu Mengning thought for two seconds before agreeing.“Of course. Because of our present relationship, I will gladly grant your simple request, My Big Hero. By the way, My Big Hero, how would you describe our current relationship?”Liu Mengning suddenly turned her head and looked at him curiously.What is our relationship?“Friend… friend?” Su Mingyuan hesitated for a while before facing her piercing gaze.“Really, answering so hesitantly shows that My Big Hero has not really regarded me as a friend in your heart,” Liu Mengning said, folding her arms and pouting slightly.“No way!”Su Mingyuan immediately denied. “I’m afraid you think our friendship isn’t strong enough, to say it bluntly?”“Hmph, you barely passed the test.” Liu Mengning gave him a charming glance. “I thought you would say, ‘because I hope our relationship is better than friends’, My Big Hero.”Su Mingyuan suddenly smiled awkwardly.Because of this answer, he really thought about it…“It seems that you have really thought about it? Hmph, My Big Hero, you are not honest!” Liu Mengning read his eyes, pouted and snorted lightly. Then, she stood up and turned her back to him, and said with a disappointed tone, “I treat you as a friend, but you…”Halfway through the words, before Su Mingyuan had a chance to refute, she suddenly turned around, and leaned down in front of Su Mingyuan.That exquisite and beautiful face instantly enlarged in front of his eyes, and the pair of autumn eyes met his gaze with an indescribable feeling, causing Su Mingyuan to hold his breath for a while.“Hey, My Big Hero, may I ask you a question? Do you really… Do you just want to be my friend? ” Liu Mengning looked him in the eyes.I…… I…… This sudden turn, sudden questioning, is too much for me.Su Mingyuan was completely shocked, and at that moment, he was so nervous that he turned speechless under such pressure.After five seconds of staring at each other, Liu Mengning suddenly smiled and winked at him mischievously. “No need to answer, My Big Hero, because your eyes have already told me the answer.”She straightened up, turned her back to Su Mingyuan, and pretended to be irritated, saying, “Well, you bad boy, you are really not satisfied with just being my friend and treating me with other bad intentions; if someone else had done this, I would have cast him out of the house and blocked him for life, but…”She abruptly turned and smiled back at him. It appeared as if the entire room was shining with some unique lustre. “If My Big Hero, you can.”She spoke softly and mischievously, and the smile on the corner of her mouth completely hooked his soul away. The villain in his heart was banging on the door once more..“Because this is the only privilege that belongs to you as a hero, and no one else is here.”The heat gently exhaled from Liu Mengning’s mouth completely drew Su Mingyuan to the brink of deep abyss.***