It’s over, it’s over, it’s over!Su Mingyuan was in a panic, and there was even a faint blush on his face at that moment.As a dignified strategist, he took down Xia Xueqi, Ruoruo, Murong Hongxue. The high-level king who was wandering among many women, was actually compelled to blush by Liu Mengning here.What the hell?What’s wrong with this script!Liu Mengning, a beautiful lady, why is she a thief?Why are you being a shameless thief!This is obviously my role to play!Su Mingyuan stood up suddenly, not wanting to be led by Liu Mengning’s nose, but she stretched out her hand to hold his shoulder and pulled him back.“Xiao Bai, if you choose to run away now, you will only deduct points in my heart?”She poked his cheek.Su Mingyuan only felt as if he was completely naked in front of her eyes, and even the thoughts of running away were seen by her at a glance.No, it’s not an escape, that’s a strategic retreat!The enemy’s firepower is fierce now. I am temporarily avoiding the limelight and waiting for the opportunity to make a comeback and defeat her in one fell swoop. The enemy advances and I retreat, and when the enemy is tired, I will ambush. The essence of guerrilla warfare!It’s a pity that the enemy is too cunning, and once again accurately saw through my intentions.“Speaking of which, Xiao Bai, not only do you have such a high level of painting, but you also sing so well. I saw videos of you singing with a guitar on the flyover all over the Internet.”Liu Mengning pulled out a guitar out of nowhere and stuffed it into his hand.“But I haven’t heard your singing in person yet.”She bent down, opened her charming eyes, put her hands together, and expectantly looked up at him. “Xiao Bai, can you grant my wish?”Why was Su Mingyuan so embarrassed to refuse?Rather say……He felt that he had found a chance to turn a defeat into a victory.He knew that although Liu Mengning was like an ever-changing elf who could show different temperaments in front of different people on different occasions, her pursuit and preference for art, whether it was music or painting, were obvious to all.People like her were particularly easily moved by excellent works, and were easily brought into mood and emotion by beautiful art.And by the way, he was a master of music.Hum, I will just use my master-level voice and guitar skill to completely conquer your, Liu Mengning’s heart!Su Mingyuan took the guitar, tried the sound, and then patted the vacant seat next to him, motioning Liu Mengning to sit beside him.Liu Mengning obediently held the corner of her skirt and sat down next to him.“Are you ready, Miss Liu Mengning?”Su Mingyuan swiped the strings lightly, making a crisp chord sound, turning his face to meet her obsidian-like charming eyes. He smiled slightly. “Then, this concert for you alone has begun!”The melodious notes echoed, accompanied by Su Mingyuan’s affectionate and sultry voice, which instantly brought Liu Mengning into the atmosphere created by the song.This time, Su Mingyuan directly sung the world’s classic love songs, just to let Liu Mengning feel the infatuation, entanglement, sweetness and romance of love…To make her feel in a trance that she really fell in love with him so deeply that she couldn’t extricate herself!Su Mingyuan was already handsome, and the suit of the white knight made him more mysterious. In addition, this concert was only for Liu Mengning.In a lonely room, a handsome boy hugged a guitar and sang love songs for the girl affectionately. The time gradually wafted to evening, and the sunset wove the most beautiful and gentle light robes and gently draped them on their bodies…As soon as such a romantic ultimate move came out, he couldn’t believe that he couldn’t completely impress Liu Mengning this time!I am a master!Just a little show of singing can make countless pedestrians on the overpass stop and linger, but still can’t move Liu Mengning, a young literary woman?Su Mingyuan even stepped up his efforts. In order to let Liu Mengning be driven by the singing and immersed in false love, he also put in a touch of emotion himself, trying to make his singing more appealing and immersive.After all, if the singer of a song wanted to move others, he must move himself first.The sun was slowly setting, and the lights of the city gradually turned on. Outside the window, a colourful light intertwined with neon drifted, making countless shadows. Inside the room, the soft bright yellow light carefully woven the figures of the two together. Liu Mengning unconsciously rested her head lightly on Su Mingyuan’s shoulder, and a sweet smile appeared on the corner of her mouth.While playing the guitar, Su Mingyuan sang love songs earnestly. Occasionally, when he lowered his head and saw her sweet smile; when he met her playful eyes that contained a hint of affection, he couldn’t help but smile at her knowingly, feeling a sense of sympathy.Sweet romance between lovers.At the same time, there was an infinite impulse and reverie in his heart. He wanted to hug her, kiss her, and watch the ocean with her. The sunrise, and the sunset; he wanted to see them all. The falling snow under the shadow of the pear blossoms….It was not that Su Mingyuan didn’t sing to Liu Mengning in the last week, but at that time he only regarded the other party as the heroine in the novel, Xiao Ran’s harem, and the NPC who helped him complete the task. That was it.However, this week, these heroines who have broken their character and the new plot had unknowingly changed his thoughts.His current state of mind and way of thinking were completely different from before.Just like now, he actually had the illusion that he was in love with her.Obviously, he wanted to immerse Liu Mengning in it, but he brought a trace of emotion into it, then he also fell into the false love that he weaved.The moment he met her eyes, it was as if he saw the flowers blooming in spring, and his heartbeat rose as if he really fell in love with her…While Liu Mengning felt even more unbearable. Surrounded by his emotional singing, and being watched so affectionately by him, her entire face was filled with shyness and joy. The smudged blush was more beautiful than at dusk just now. The sunset became even more exciting and intoxicating.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comThen, she raised her head and stared into his eyes, letting the delicate crimson ripple like on her face, revealing boundless tenderness. Her eyebrows trembled yet they shone with firm conviction.My Xiao Bao, my hero.I love you.So I’m going to kiss you.She put her arms around his neck and closed her eyes timidly; her eyelashes gently trembled like the fluttering fireflies in a summer night, disturbing in Su Mingyuan’s heart.Then she kissed him.Affectionate, serious, shy, just like the foolish girl who wanted to give you her whole heart when she was young, and wished she could stay with you forever. Keep homework copied for you, and snacks you like to eat. All the beautiful things that she had given to you together with her first kiss, but hid the snicker at the corner of her mouth, blushing hot. The young girl who dared not meet your eyes.This was Liu Mengning’s first kiss.Unconsciously, the singing stopped.***