Su Mingyuan’s plan was very successful.The songs performed by talented singers have the power to evoke strong emotions such as tears, laughter, and inspiration in people.Su Mingyuan, on the other hand, was more than just exceptionally skilled.Relying on the skills he had purchased from the system, he had become a music master who had the ability to genuinely touch people’s hearts, making them cry, laugh, and feel excited.He succeeded in bringing Liu Mengning into the false situation of falling in love with him with his affectionate performance and intoxicating  voice.He let her kiss him uncontrollably!But his plan was, in a sense, not a success.If you want to deeply engage the audience, the singer must also dedicate themselves to the act of singing..Just like now, being kissed by Liu Mengning so actively and affectionately, he couldn’t help but be deeply indulged in it. He had long forgotten the purpose of singing. He gently wrapped his arms around her slender waist and responded enthusiastically.The girl in front of him was his love, his cinnabar mole, and his white moonlight. His heart was full of fervent  and overflowing passion, and he couldn’t wait to embrace her tightly, wanting to merge her completely into himself.The girl’s kiss was passionate but tender, while his response became fiercer and fiercer.At that moment, he was the domineering king, he was the master of the world. He could dedicate the whole country and the whole world to the girl in front of him, as long as she was willing to bow down to him in his arms.You are mine!He made a solemn and commanding announcement to her.Liu Mengning was a little caught off guard. She didn’t expect Su Mingyuan to suddenly become so fierce and domineering, but… what was so bad about this?She closed her eyes, enjoying his fierce attack and realizing the skills he had learned from other women. The guitar between the two of them fell to the ground with a thud, but no one cared. As they finally came together in perfect harmony, the figures under the light blended and merged into one.Su Mingyuan’s hand has unconsciously moved up from her slender waist and was just about to…The strings on the guitar that fell to the ground hit something, and made a piercing sound.It was deafening and roared like thunder.At that moment, Liu Mengning frowned slightly.Su Mingyuan suddenly regained a moment’s clarity. Looking at the dragon claw that was about to grab something soft, he felt a sudden tremor.Holy shit!What am I doing?!Didn’t I want Liu Mengning to be so intoxicated by my singing that she would take the initiative to show her love to me?Why am I now the servant under the skirt who was attracted to her and couldn’t help but want to push her down?This damn woman had almost charmed me to the point where I took the initiative and got my Villain Points taken away!The kiss stopped. Liu Mengning leaned lazily in his arms, her long jade fingers stroked her delicate red lips, while recalling the taste just now. She gave him a resentful and charming glance.“My Big Hero, you’re so skilled… How many women have you been with?”It was just such a charming look that made Su Mingyuan’s serene heart ripple, and his body couldn’t help but react again.Su Mingyuan didn’t answer, and Liu Mengning didn’t ask any more questions. She just stared at him in a daze, that charming and soft body rubbed gently like a drunk cat in his arms.Hiss–!Su Mingyuan sucked in a deep breath, and the wonderful fragrance aroused him more, making him even more embarrassed.Liu Mengning covered her mouth and laughed. “My Big Hero, it seems that I can’t call you My Big Hero anymore, I should call you Big Bai…”She put more emphasis on the word “Big”. Her cheeks turned red with blush as she looked down at him, giving him a sultry and seductive look that almost captivated his entire being.This damned female fairy! If this goes on like this, I am afraid that I will really be unable to bear the test and break my bounds, forgetting the important mission that brought me here.“I… I have to go!”Su Mingyuan let go of her embrace, took a step back, and chose a strategic retreat again.Anyway, the arrangements for tomorrow’s performance had been guaranteed, and Liu Mengning, this damn sweet beauty goblin, took the initiative to kiss him. The goal had been achieved, and he had already won.Time to run!I have to go home to find Ruoruo!Wait until I use Ruoruo’s sweet, gentle, pure, and delicate  beauty to drive away the charm that you, the female witch, exerted on me. Watch me come back to fight you as much as you want.I, Su Mingyuan, can’t stay here for a moment now!Su Mingyuan got up to leave, but Liu Mengning quickly grabbed him.“Wait, Big Bai.” She called out the new name naturally, took his hand, and asked reluctantly, “When can we meet again?”When can we meet again?It can be done tomorrow.It’s just that you wouldn’t recognize me at that time, haha!“Mengning, fate will drive us to meet again.”Su Mingyuan gave her a meaningful look.At that time, he remembered the character that he should play in front of Liu Mengning, and he was even a little happy.She is so reluctant to part with me, doesn’t that just mean that my plan is finally successful?“Fate? I don’t know how long it will take us to meet, by your fate, but…”Liu Mengning suddenly took out a cherry-flavored gummy, put it in her mouth, and slammed Su Mingyuan on the wall of the entrance. Raising her head on tiptoe, she kissed him again.“Big Bai, I want you to think of this cherry-flavoured gummy when you eat and drink.”“I won’t let you forget me.”She put the gummy candy into Su Mingyuan’s mouth, lingered on his lips for the last moment greedily, and suddenly bit his  teeth, carving a deep mark on his lips.Su Mingyuan was still enjoying the clumsy and warm kiss of this female goblin, but he didn’t expect that she would suddenly use this method.Biting my lip… isn’t this a classic plot in many TV dramas and novels?But no matter what, he knew that he would never forget this night. He held a concert for her all night, sang all love songs, and could not forget the heartwarming feeling when he met her eyes. He couldn’t forget her touch and the taste of her cherry-flavoured lips.He perceived the sweet aroma of cherries to be all around him at that precise moment, and in his mind, Liu Mengning was the only person this smell could possibly be associated with.He didn’t notice that it wasn’t an illusion. His entire being was attracted by Liu Mengning’s sudden sneak attack, so he didn’t notice that a faint cherry scent was wafting slightly from the entrance.This was a high-end perfume that Liu Mengning specially obtained. After spraying it, this elegant fragrance would remain on people’s bodies for several days, and it would not be washed off even if they took a bath.Liu Mengning finally smiled with satisfaction, waved goodbye to her crush, leaned against the door, and said to him, “Big Bai, don’t worry, I will listen to you tomorrow and give your senior brother Xiao Ran the investor quota. I will surprise everyone by giving it to him then. It would be great if you could come and witness it!”Sorry, I can only disappoint you. I will not be here at the investment banquet tomorrow.But the villain, Su Mingyuan, will come. Unfortunately, you won’t recognize me then, hehe!In the next few days, you will spend the torment of day and night thinking about me, you bad witch!Su Mingyuan smiled slightly, raised the hem of his windbreaker, and walked home.It seemed that he was still surrounded by the scent of cherries, and the tip of his nose could always smell the vague aura, as if he were still hugging and kissing her.This damned witch continues to haunt me. I’m gone, and I’m still thinking of you in such a despicable way.But I’m afraid you don’t know that I still have Ruoruo to quench my thirst!Su Mingyuan touched the marks left by Liu Mengning’s bite on his lips, and smiled proudly.And I have the divine art of Qi, and the scar you left on my lips will heal and disappear tomorrow.Otherwise, at tomorrow’s investment banquet, you might really be able to see through this dual identity.What a pity!At that time, you can only stand in front of me and meet without knowing each other. I can also use my villain identity to set up words to tease you, hahahaha!Su Mingyuan laughed proudly in his heart.