From the main hall to the branch hall, there was actually a short distance.Yet when Ruoruo imagined what was going on in the room, she was upset. It was not until Xiao Ran came to follow and spoke to her she discovered his arrival.Xiao Ran’s voice abruptly roused her from her traces and asked, “Ruo ruo, what are you doing here?”She suddenly shook like a surprised little white rabbit. The crispy sounds became a bit sharp at that moment because of the sudden shock.“Brother!?”In the room.Su Mingyuan and Xia Xueqi had already begun not only to kiss.After some thoughts, Su Mingyuan, he finally made up his mind. The decision was that if he could indulge at that moment, wasn’t it just a perfect evaluation?Now that he had decided to indulge, then he has to work hard to take advantage of Xueqi. How could kiss be enough?He needs more!And how could he bear it as a man in the face of Xueqi’s overbearing kiss?How could he stay below her?He rolled around, holding Xia Xueqi’s soft and tender body to the sofa, and the two fell on the soft and wide sofa.Xueqi sat on me and pinned me down, then I held her down on the sofa. Who said I can only be below?Now looking down at Xia Xueqi, I, Su Mingyuan, am above.The two just snuggled on the sofa as soon as they fell. Before they were about to dive deep into passion when they heard Ruoruo exclaim at the door. They had no idea Xiao Ran would find them, especially since there was only a small door between them.Both of them unconsciously slowed down, hugging each other tightly, as a kind of tension arose in their hearts from the fear of being caught. It immediately caused their heartbeat to quicken.With this nervousness, it was the greater stimulus and temptation that prompted people to slip to another abyss. There was a evil devil in their heart saying something in the ear quietly.Drown into more joy!Su Mingyuan and Xia Xueqi’s breathing became rushed slightly at the same time. Xia Xueqi’s face was hot and crimson, while Su Mingyuan’s cheeks were not much better compared to her.Obviously across the clothes, they seemed to feel the hot emotions of each other. Although Xiao Ran was outside the door, as long as they didn’t make a sound, he couldn’t hear them.And if he didn’t want to make a sound and be heard by him, then a hot kiss was the best way to block the sounds. Is it?They hugged and kissed each other again, this time silently. As they began to explore more, it wasn’t just kisses…Outside the door.“Why do you look so startled?” Xiao Ran asked his younger sister, whom he hadn’t seen in a long time.“I was just thinking about something and didn’t notice what was going on around me; as a result, when you called me unexpectedly, which surprised me.”If it was explained on the surface, she was thinking:I just exclaimed, it should be considered a wake up call for brother Mingyuan and Sister Xueqi in the room?Whatever they just did, no matter how close they are, knowing that Xiao Ran is here, it should be… And perhaps they did nothing!Even though her heart was in chaos with countless thoughts, she also knew when to stop herself. After all, dealing with Xiao Ran was the top priority at that moment.“You appeared somber, as if you were thinking about something,” Xiao Ran saw her sister again, and then he suddenly remembered that he should care about her.“No … nothing, that is …” Thinking about an excuse, she said after a long while, “Su Mingyuan stay close around the jade as if it were his baby. I couldn’t find a good opportunity to steal the jade from him, so I was a little depressed … ”“That’s it, it seems that if you are with Su Mingyuan, I’m afraid you will suffer a lot, it is really hard for you.”Xiao Ran was very moved, and he felt ashamed. He would have called Ruoruo back to his side if it hadn’t been for the fact that he knew Su Mingyuan couldn’t do the deed as a normal man.He reached out his hand to gently touch Ruoruo’s head, wanting to rub her hair to comfort her, but Ruoruo took a step back and avoided his palm.Xiao Ran’s movement suddenly stagnated, and the hand that stretched out hung awkwardly in the air, and he took it back after a long time.“Brother, there are so many people in the banquet hall right now that we shouldn’t expose ourselves in front of them for the time being.”Because in fact, except Su Mingyuan, onlySeveral people around him knew Xiao Ran’s sister.Other outsiders did not know that the peerless beauty who accompanied Su Mingyuan and appeared with him was like Xiao Ran’s sister who opposed him every time!After all, they had no fame before, so these aristocrats had never seen her.As soon as she appeared, she appeared as his secretary next to Su Mingyuan.  Who would have guessed she was Xiao Ran’s sister?In their eyes, she was just a stunning beauty discovered by Su Mingyuan out of nowhere. Anyway, wasn’t there always a beauty secretary around him?It was not good to just use such a reason.“And Su Mingyuan is in this room, in case he suddenly opens the door and sees you and me… It will be difficult to steal Spiritual Jade from him… Even if he didn’t open the door and see us, if someone else sees this and tells him… In short, brother should not be intimate in such public places…” she hurriedly added.It was reasonable enough for him to accept it.But, but!Seeing her dearest younger sister avoid him and take a half-step…Even if there was a reason, he felt aggrieved and uncomfortable in his heart!At that moment, the Junior Brother’s severe rebuke appeared in his mind once more.Xiao Ran gritted his teeth silently, and did not show his anger.Yes, my vengeance is now the most important thing. What can I do if I can’t get close to her right now?When my wings are wide and I command a great power.There will be more than enough time to get close at that point.Can’t I even endure this little grievance?And when it comes to grievances, being the undercover agent is the biggest grievance. What qualifications do I have to blame her?Xiao Ran barely suppressed his words, worked hard, and shifted the topic. “By the way, why is Su Mingyuan staying in this small room? Now there are so many people in the banquet hall. Does he not enjoy the touting of those dogs?”“It seems that because he have just been swept away by you in the lobby on the first floor, he hid in it and felt sullen inside.”Ruoruo said the reason she thought in advance.This reason was so reasonable that it would not make people doubt at all.At that time, Xiao Ran completely believed in this statement. Thinking of Su Mingyuan’s incompetent anger looking at him and Xueqi, he felt a little bit better, and laughed a little happily.Oh, what is the grand Su family’s young master? Due to such a small matter, he secretly hid in sadness?At the same time, Ruoruo was thinking in her heart.When will he leave? Because of his appearance, Mingyuan Brother and Sister Xue Qi in the room must not dare to do anything intimate, but they must be too nervous in their hearts. I still have to find a way to drive him away …However, none of them knew that in the room that was separated, Su Mingyuan and Xia Xueqi were inseparable, and even because of Xiao Ran’s appearance, they realised that they had never felt this extreme stimulation. The experience and joy beyond a certain critical limit.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comAt that moment, a crisp sound came from the room.While passionately making out on the sofa, the couple accidently kicked a glass onto the coffee table.The glass hit the ground, making a crisp sound, and travelled to the ears of the two outside the door.Ruoruo’s expression changed abruptly.Just now, she still felt that Xiao Ran’s appearance would definitely make Mingyuan Brother and Sister Xueqi nervous and dare not have any intimate contact. However, the glass was definitely not smashed normally.No, that’s not possible.Xiao Ran is just outside the door. As long as anyone pushes the door, he can see them. How dare they …But the sound of the glass on the ground …Brother Mingyuan and Sister Xue Qi could notquarrel and fight in it, and to lose their temper, then it can only be …Just because I was guarding at the door, they dared to be so bold, just across a wall …She suddenly felt a wave of sadness overwhelming her.Mingyuan and Sister Xueqi are doing adultery, but I have to guard the door here and prevent the snake from barging inside.She had to immediately come up with a reason to explain the sound inside to deceive him …Thankfully, there was no need to invent an explanation for the clear sound because Xiao Ran invented it himself.“Oh, this Su Mingyuan, he started to lose his temper hahahaha …”He smiled proudly, applauding himself in his heart for his wonderful performance.