Seeing the smile on Li Ran’s face, the grievance in Ruoruo’s heart dissipated a lot.I can still act like a baby in front of brother Mingyuan in the future, and ask him for more hugs.And he was a clown who was kept in the dark, still smug and complacent!If anything, once there was a comparison, the grievances seemed to become a little worthless in the face of other people’s suffering…“Ruoruo, you should also pay attention to protecting your own safety when you are by Su Mingyuan’s side. By the way, I have placed another undercover agent by his side, which is his bodyguard Li Cheng. If you are by Su Mingyuan’s side, or if you really encounter something, or you are in danger, go to him, he will help you. To me, your safety is more important than anything else!”Xiao Ran looked at Ruoruo sincerely, and said with great concern.Ruoruo also pretended to be very moved, raised her head, and revealed tears at the corner of eyes in front of Xiao Ran.But in fact, Xiao Ran said this many times in the previous life, and she no longer felt anything.If he really cared about her and felt that her safety was more important than anything else, then he wouldn’t have agreed to her being an undercover agent beside Su Mingyuan in the first place, wouldn’t he?Not for that piece of Spiritual Jade.If he really cared about her and her feelings, why would he want to do such shameless and indecent behaviour to her in his previous life? Why would.he try to rape her, his younger sister, in order to improve his skills?The appearance she showed in front of him now was just acting.In her mind, there was only brother Mingyuan who was a really good and loving brother!Xiao Ran didn’t see that she was acting, and it was impossible for him to think that she would act in front of him.This was his dearest and most beloved sister, how could she lie to him?After whispering a few more caring words to Ruoruo, he asked, “By the way, Ruoruo, have you seen Xueqi?”Ruoruo shook her head. “I don’t know, maybe… she’s in the bathroom?”“That seems to be the case.” Xiao Ran nodded, and was about to bid farewell to Ruoruo.Boom!Click!The sound of the cup falling to the ground with a bang and then shattering was heard again in the room.Ruoruo’s expression froze slightly again, but on the contrary, the smile on the corner of Xiao Ran’s mouth became more and more prominent.“This Su Mingyuan really can’t control his temper, and he started throwing and smashing things again. The young master of the four major families, huh? Is that all he got?”The angrier Su Mingyuan got, the more comfortable he felt.This Su Mingyuan confronted him several times, discrediting his face and reputation, but now the roles had been reversed, and the humiliated person had become Su Mingyuan himself.He could only hide in this small room and smash things to vent his anger. Thinking of this, how could Xiao Ran not feel happy about it?“I will leave first, you should also be more careful in front of this idiot and protect yourself.”Xiao Ran waved his hand, bade his farewell with a smile on his face, and walked towards the hall.Next, before the banquet started, he would continue to seize this opportunity to make more contacts, and Su Mingyuan?Just let the idiot hide in this room alone and continue to make a tantrum like a crybaby, hahahaha!After Xiao Ran left, Ruoruo finally breathed a sigh of relief. She looked around and saw that no one noticed her, so she quickly opened the door and slipped in.As soon as she entered the door, she saw two shameless people entangled on the sofa, with flushed cheeks, and dishevelled clothes. They were both panting hot breaths.There were also two broken glass cups on the ground, and two crystal high heels that had been kicked off.“Brother Mingyuan, sister Xueqi, you… how could you do this! Just now Xiao Ran was outside!”Ruoruo blushed immediately, and quickly stretched out her hands to cover her cheeks, as if she was too shy to look at such a passionate scene.It was just that her fingers were separated, revealing a big gap, allowing her two big shy eyes to stare at the beautiful scene in front of her.Only then did Su Mingyuan and Xia Xueqi stop their movements.Especially Su Mingyuan, he was so excited just now that it took a few seconds before he came back to his senses.Ruoruo saw such a scene, and she suddenly felt a little embarrassed. She didn’t even dare to face him with her eyes.On the contrary, Xia Xueqi looked confident. Apart from her slightly red cheeks, she gracefully got up from the sofa, put on her high heels, and calmly arranged her messy clothes.So what if Ruoruo saw it?She didn’t feel ashamed at all.In her heart, she was the real head of the family. Not only was she not ashamed of this, but she felt that Ruoruo should learn to get used to it and accept it.Because there would definitely be more scenes like this in the future!Step by step, she walked towards the red-faced Ruoruo. Her posture at the beginning was still graceful and charming.But gradually, the cold and arrogant temperament returned to her body, and the domineering aura that belonged to the female president of Bingshan once again surrounded her body. She patted Ruoruo’s shoulder lightly, and showed her a faint smile.“Ruoruo, you did a great job just now, thank you.”She was clearly thanking her, but her tone and expression seemed like a big boss appreciating and praising his employee, which made Ruoruo unconsciously feel flattered.Is this… the aura of cold queen?“By the way, can I trouble you to see if anyone outside is paying attention here?” Xia Xueqi smiled at her again at that time, and said as if begging.Ruoruo trotted to open the door, stretched out her small head to look outside, then turned her head and said, “Sister Xueqi, no.”Xia Xueqi pinched Ruoruo’s lovely cheeks, smiled at her again, and left here completely at ease.She deliberately took a detour, came out from another corner, and entered the banquet hall. It looked as if she had just come out of the bathroom.She casually took a glass of wine from the tray in the waiter’s hand. She just stood still and took a few sips when Xiao Ran came over.“Xueqi, I didn’t see you in the hall just now, I was wondering where you went…”