While maintaining her focus at the center, Liu Mengning smiled tenderly while gazing at the crowd, exuding flirtatious expressions.Everyone in that area, men and women alike, couldn’t help but feel a flutter, as if she was smiling at them.Is she looking at me?Is she smiling at me?Several bosses of film and television companies thought to themselves:Liu Mengning smiled at me. Is it hinting that she prefers to cooperate with our company this time?Xiao Ran thought excitedly:Liu Mengning smiled at me! It seems that the spot for investment tonight must be mine!Although it’s because of the secret help of my Junior Brother, she would choose me and smile at me. Maybe she has feelings for me as well…..The thought that had been extinguished was revived at that moment. But, if it hadn’t been for his Junior Brother’s disappointed eyes and stern reprimands, as well as Xia Xueqi’s existence, Xiao Ran might not have been able to restrain his eager heart.It is enough for me to have Xueqi by my side. At the moment, my career is the most important thing..He kept telling himself not to think about her, but Liu Mengning’s smile was so beautiful that he couldn’t forget it. He knew that at any moment, this barely suppressed flame would start to burn even more strongly.And the other people who had been enchanted by Liu Mengning’s gaze opened their eyes one by one. Their faces mostly showed that they were thinking about the same things as him and felt that Liu Mengning was treating them differently, which made them happy and enthusiastic.Only Su Mingyuan remained indifferent.He was sure that Liu Mengning wasn’t looking at him or smiling at him.Of course, she was not looking at Xiao Ran or anyone else differently.She was actually looking for the white knight, looking for her Big Hero!Su Mingyuan speculated on Liu Mengning’s thoughts in his heart.She might have thought that her white knight would sneak into the venue in disguise and wander around Xiao Ran, so after finding Xiao Ran’s location, she stared at that area for a long time. But, her last smile was not for these people; instead, it was for her Big Hero, even though he might not be there.Of course, she could have never imagined that the Hero she was looking for was standing just a short distance away, right under her eyes.The person she is looking for is me, Su Mingyuan!After all, who could have imagined that the intriguing and clever white knight was actually the villain Su Mingyuan?Su Mingyuan thought about it with great interest, and he couldn’t help but smile as he felt slightly funny.The corner of Xiao Ran’s eyes, who was not far away from him, happened to catch his smile at that moment, and he immediately misunderstood him,  thinking that he was secretly proud.So, he curled his lips contemptuously.This Su Mingyuan really knows how to daydream. He pursued Liu Mengning many times but was rejected lukewarmly by her. Now does he still think that Liu Mengning is looking at him and smiling at him?LMAO!And strangely enough, the more I look at him now, the more I think he looks like a clown?The smile on Xiao Ran’s face became brighter, full of confidence and superiority.He knew what Su Mingyuan was here for tonight, and before that, he regarded him as a very worthy competitor.But now…With Xueqi helping to set up the bridge, his junior brother secretly helping him in advance, and his friendship after saving Liu Mengning’s manager.The outcome of the victory was already foreordained.This fool, Su Mingyuan, is destined to fail and serve as a stepping stone for my glory.How could Xiao Ran not be confident at that moment? How could he not feel superior to him?The humiliation he received from Su Mingyuan before, he would return it to him all at once here tonight!No matter how hard you pursue Liu Mengning and long for her favor,The woman you like—her final choice is me!On the stage, Liu Mengning first gave a brief speech, then gave a general introduction to the new film she was going to make, and finally, it was the highlight of the evening.Determine who was the investor in her new film.In fact, with her family background and identity, the huge fans she commands, and her position in the film and television industries, she didn’t need to pull any investment at all.The reason for doing this was just to share some cakes out to give everyone a face.Otherwise, if a person ate alone, it would show that she was not a wise person.Liu Mengning also disclosed the method for determining investors, which was to bid anonymously.Simply put, anyone interested in competing for this quota should privately write down on a piece of paper how much money they intend to invest in this film and how much of the money they intend to share in the dividend. Then, they give this piece of paper to her manager, Liu Xi.At 8:00 sharp, she would select an investor who suited her according to the different bidding conditions on these pieces of paper. An interesting way to bid.The more money a bidder was willing to put up, and the lesser the dividend the bidder was willing to share, the easier it appeared to be to win the investor’s quota.However, if the dividend was lesser, which was ambiguous, what if Liu Mengning’s film made a lot of money? Wouldn’t the bidder take a loss due to the low dividend share?When Liu Mengning announced the bidding method, those who were interested in competing looked at each other with strange eyes.Who knew how much money everyone would be willing to pay, and how much dividend percentage would be required?What if someone paid less money than I did, but because he asked for much less dividends than I proposed, Liu Mengning instead liked his condition?What if Liu Mengning chose him because he was willing to invest more money than me, even though he wanted about the same amount of dividends as me?Despite their worries, they came to the same conclusion: They had to try.The atmosphere at the scene suddenly became subtle, a little like a dark forest.As Liu Mengning stepped off the high platform, the banquet officially began.Some company bosses went to visit her and wanted to be familiar with her. Some company bosses looked at each other, put on a false smile, and began to conceal their ruthless nature behind a gentle surface.There were only two people who were not worried at all.One was Xiao Ran, and the other was Su Mingyuan.They all felt that they knew the final result.Among them, Su Mingyuan was beaming with joy and yelled the loudest, “Okay! I, Su Mingyuan, will take the investor quota for Mengning’s new film!”“Isn’t it just giving money? I, Su Mingyuan, have money! This time, I want to let her know my sincerity for her and let her know how selflessly I can give for her!”A group of celebrities and company bosses who were wandering the banquet hall trying to curry favor with the Su family finally found the opportunity. Suddenly, they gathered around and praised loudly:“Young master Su is generous! I believe Miss Liu will be moved by your sincerity this time!”“He is worthy of being the noble master of a top wealthy family. If young master Su had pursued me like this, I would have been moved!”“Do those people still want to compete with our Young Master Su? To be honest, Young Master Su is handsome, rich, and powerful, and Ms. Liu is arrogant. How could she choose to cooperate with them? Consequently, she will choose to join forces with Young master Su, who hails from a wealthy family similar to her own. Do you think my words make sense?”Su Mingyuan proudly laughed while he listened to everyone’s praise, acting as though he had actually won the investor’s position.“You guys are right! I, Su Mingyuan, am the young master of the Su family. Why are some people trying to fight me? Let me get in touch with Mengning to exchange feelings. Give her a small gift. I, Su Mingyuan, will definitely win the investor quota tonight!”After that, he drank all the wine in one mouthful and walked towards Liu Mengning with great confidence.At the same time, Xiao Ran squinted at the scene of a group of dogs around Su Mingyuan and smiled coldly in his heart.As for you, you still want to give Liu Mengning a gift, and you think you will be able to win it tonight.Keep dreaming!I’m looking forward to seeing your shocked and distorted expression when Liu Mengning announces the final result at eight o’clock.At that moment, he was also walking towards Liu Mengning under the leadership of Xia Xueqi.Liu Mengning was the spokesperson of the Xia Xueqi Cosmetics Company. They were also the descendants of the four families. They had known each other for a long time, and she was the right person to take him to Mengning. Furthermore, Xiao Ran did not sit and wait for his spoils of victory to arrive, though he did make preparations in advance and prepare a gift for Liu Mengning with the help of Xueqi and his Junior Brother.So when Su Mingyuan approached Liu Mengning and was about to present her with a gift to please her.Under Xia Xueqi’s leadership, Xiao Ran came with his prepared gifts.