Before Liu Mengning announced who it was, Su Mingyuan had already opened the champagne half way ahead of time and taunted Xiao Ran directly.The dogs around him who wanted to curry favor were secretly prepared. As soon as Liu Mengning announced that the investor of her choice was him, they would immediately follow suit, and humiliate and mock Xiao Ran loudly.However.“The investor I choose is Xiao Ran of Burning Flame Film and Television Company!” Liu Mengning paused, and then said out loud the final candidate she had determined.Xiao Ran!The investor Liu Mengning chose was Xiao Ran!The beloved and destined protagonist of the world defeated Su Mingyuan’s incomparably generous conditions and won Liu Mengning’s favor!Boom!The fireworks sounded and ribbons flew, celebrating this special event.All the lights simultaneously shined brightly, and the brightest beam struck Xiao Ran, who was calmly smiling.And standing next to him was Su Mingyuan, who looked dull and dazed, and his whole face was distorted like a clown’s.To everyone’s surprise, Liu Mengning did not appreciate Su Mingyuan’s generous and free conditions, and instead chose Xiao Ran as an investor in her film!This was so surprising and unexpected!But, seeing Su Mingyuan’s previously arrogant face turn into the color of pig’s liver in the next second, everyone felt that such an accident was necessary.Boom!Since Su Mingyuan’s performance was too domineering, it caused public anger. At that moment, everyone applauded warmly and sincerely wished for Xiao Ran’s election.The loud applause was like a slap in Su Mingyuan’s face.As Xiao Ran anticipated, Su Mingyuan simply laughed joyfully and hysterically. At that moment, looking at his indignant loser face, which he appreciated, Xia Ran’s mood was carefree to the extent that he was delighted.Therefore, he followed Su Mingyuan’s instructions and kept laughing for a second.because it really was.So refreshing!As expected, Xiao Ran had been smiling all the time, maintaining the same calm and elegant smile as before.However, it was not he but Su Mingyuan who made a fool of himself after hearing Liu Mengning’s speech.“Young Master Su, I have been smiling, as you just told me. Are you satisfied now?”Xiao Ran’s elegant greeting dragged Su Mingyuan into the abyss of rage.And his next sentence threw Su Mingyuan’s mood out of control.“Also, Young Master Su, you just said you wanted to take a photo of me. I wonder if you have taken it now. Of course, it’s a matter of courtesy. Young Master Su, I also asked someone to take a photo and record your smile and voice as a souvenir. But, don’t worry, I won’t be smiling at this photo all day; at best, I’ll just laugh a little bit for a minute or two.”This was Xiao Ran’s way of treating others, and he returned Su Mingyuan’s words just now.Boom!The warm applause of the whole audience suddenly became louder, and no one shouted, but this tacit behavior was undoubtedly a loud slap on Su Mingyuan’s face.He finally became angry!“Why! Liu Mengning! Why! What conditions has Xiao Ran imposed on you? Can it be better than mine? I don’t believe it! I refuse to accept it!”Su Mingyuan exclaimed indignantly at Liu Mengyuan. His expression was distorted, and his eyes were red.He was fully interpreting the incompetent fury of a loser!If he didn’t act like this, how could it appear that he wasn’t pretending?“Su Mingyuan,” Liu Mengning said quietly on the high platform, “I can tell you that the conditions offered by Xiao Ran are indeed not as good as yours.”“Then why did you choose him?” Su Mingyuan roared, and all his veins burst. Everyone present was silent, looked at his incompetent and furious appearance with a little sneer, and felt extremely refreshed.“Why?” Liu Mengning smiled slightly. “Because I can choose whoever I want. I think the conditions he offers are very suitable, so I choose him.”“How about me? Obviously, I gave you the best conditions! You should go with me!” Su Mingyuan’s fists clenched, and his face flushed with rage.“Your offer is indeed very generous, but, Su Mingyuan, money is not everything.”“Do you think you can touch my heart with money?”“Sorry, I’m not short of money, I have no less wealth than you. What I want to see is sincerity—the sincerity to cooperate with me to make movies. But, I don’t see the slightest sincerity in this matter, and you don’t want to work with me on a movie at all. Su Mingyuan, I only see your arrogance that you want to throw money to sleep with me.”As soon as Liu Mengning said this, she simply opened Su Mingyuan’s dirty mind and exposed it to everyone.It simply swept Su Mingyuan into the abyss of the loser, leaving him with endless despair and darkness, not giving him the slightest chance.“Mengning! I didn’t; I didn’t think so!”The anger on Su Mingyuan’s face turned into painful despair at that moment, like a clingy puppy in despair and abandoned by a goddess, even without a spare look.“I just don’t know how to pursue women; I used to think that if I throw money at them, they’ll like me and surround me.”“So I only know how to pursue you in this way. Can you give me another chance? I promise I will change.”Ah, how pathetic, how pathetic.However, at the thought of Su Mingyuan’s arrogant and domineering appearance, none of the people present sympathized with him, but they felt extremely happy!Su Mingyuan also felt that he was really good at acting, so in place, it was simply an explosion of acting skills.Woo hoo, so pitiful, I’m about to die of laughter. No, I’m crying!By the way, I remember Mengning saying she would give Xiao Ran a surprise.It should have been her invitation to Xiao Ran to guest star in a male role in her movie in front of everyone, completely giving me a fatal blow and knocking me down into the abyss, right?Su Mingyuan raised her head with a pleading face, and her trembling eyes really made her unable to see the slightest flaw!Liu Mengning suddenly laughed.“Su Mingyuan, give you a chance?” Ha…”Here she comes. After her mockery, she would sneer at me and launch the final fatal blow!“It’s not impossible. The hero of my movie is not sure yet. If you really want to show me your sincerity… Do you dare to come to my theater team and be my hero, and sincerely accompany me to perform a play?”Liu Mengning’s smile bloomed like a flower.The fatal blow came as promised!The moment Liu Mengning said this, the whole audience was shocked!