If he gladly agreed, tonight’s plot would not be about Xiao Ran getting in the way of Su Mingyuan’s victory and getting everyone’s applause.But Su Mingyuan, whom Liu Mengning looked down on as a lowly licking dog, won the favor of the goddess at the last moment, completing the reversal, which greatly reduced Xiao Ran’s pretense, and it could even be said that it had no effect!No, no.This is absolutely not possible!Su Mingyuan glanced at Xiao Ran out of the corner of his eye, expecting him to stand up.Xiao Ran, my son! My son!Now only you can stand up!You are an investor in this movie. You have a certain right to speak as well; can you accept this outcome?You definitely can’t!How could you allow me, a villain, to develop a deeper relationship with Liu Mengning? How could you be okay with Liu Mengning using the money you invested to promote my reputation?Therefore, you have to stand up as an investor against Liu Mengning’s proposal, and resolutely refuse to allow me to become the male protagonist of the movie!I have assisted you in generating reasons! Just claim that I, Su Mingyuan, a young man from a wealthy family, lack acting talents and am incapable of withstanding adversity. I am not an actor in any way. If I become the main character in the film, the film’s quality will suffer drastically!Oh, yes, I just recalled one more detail: there is no male protagonist in this film. You now desire for me to play the male lead, Liu Menginging? Did you change the script?This is a major taboo; hence, the box office will be flat!No, definitely not!Xiao Ran, just say so; I have thought of it for you. This statement is reasonable, so quickly stand up for me!You should hurry up and say something!However, to Su Mingyuan’s disappointment, although Xiao Ran clenched his fists and gritted his teeth tightly, shocked and angry, he did not choose to stand up against Liu Mengning.Because of the lecture from his Junior Brother, coupled with the fact that he had not had much interaction with Liu Mengning, his heart that was about to move was still suppressed by logical reason.He knew very well that as long as he reached a cooperation agreement with Liu Mengning, with the gimmick of being her new film investor, his film and television company would soon be able to soar in China.Su Mingyuan had connections, a good name, and power, which was what he needed most right now!Therefore, he couldn’t make Liu Mengning unhappy. As long as this goal was achieved, even if Liu Mengning wanted Su Mingyuan to be the leading actor in the movie, so what?I can accept this and tolerate it!It is extremely unwise to stand up against her at this time.Although there are reasonable reasons to refute, if Liu Mengning is not happy at that time, she will say, “Since you, Xiao Ran, think my behavior is inappropriate and it is a money losing business, you can choose not to invest in my film, and I can just change partners.”He would go cry at his grandmother’s house if he really lost.Therefore, even if he was very angry and upset at that time, Su Mingyuan around him secretly gave him a proud and provocative look.But he gritted his teeth, stood still, and said nothing!There was even a gentle and graceful smile, as if he didn’t care about it at all, and fully supported Liu Mengning’s haunting decision.Yes, just like what Su Mingyuan felt when he first met Xiao Ran on the first floor of the hotel.He had the calm demeanor of a protagonist!However, Su Mingyuan couldn’t wait for Xiao Ran to make no progress at that time.Xiao Ran, is this what you should look like?You give me back my Xiao Ran, who is untamed and unobedient!Seeing Xiao Ran not saying a word, and even showing a smile, Su Mingyuan’s heart slowly sank.Is the last hope gone?Sure enough, I shouldn’t count on this unworthy thing like Xiao Ran, this useless son.As your father, I have worked so hard to arrange everything for you in the future so that you can become the most powerful person in the city.In the end, when I, your father, needed you to stand up, you were scared away!You insidious son!However, just when Su Mingyuan felt no hope, Xia Xueqi suddenly stood up.“Mengning, although it is a bit inappropriate for me to say this sentence, as your good sister, I have to stand out and say a few things. I remember when you told us about your new movie. You said in the movie that the main character was a woman and that there was no lead actor, but now you want Su Mingyuan to be the main actor. Isn’t that a little… careless?” At the critical moment, Xia Xueqi resolutely got up, causing Su Mingyuan to immediately applaud in his heart.Good!  Good!  Xueqi, well done!I really love you!Xiao Ran is an unfilial son who cannot be relied upon, but I did not anticipate you to be my strong support!Xia Xueqi really had to stand out.Originally, she thought that with Xiao Ran’s arrogance, he would stand up.But surprisingly, Xiao Ran was very composed. He backed down!This made Xia Xueqi nervous and secretly alarmed. She believed that it would be more difficult to kill Xiao Ran than in her previous life.But that was not the point of today. The point was that she couldn’t let Liu Mengning take her Mingyuan to the set and leave Ming City.Who knows how long it will take you to finish this movie? And who knows what’s going to happen between you?You are going way too far! To keep Mingyuan on your side, you designed a poisoned plan based on his temperament. Use Mingyuan’s feelings for you in order to attain your objective. All this while, I will be engaged in battle with the Xia family!I cannot possibly bear this!However, in the face of Xia Xueqi’s question, Liu Mengning simply responded with a smile. “Indeed, you are correct. Before, there was no male character, but now that I believe it is possible to have one.”“But if you change the script like this… I’m sorry, I don’t want to criticize you, I’m really thinking about your movie.”