“Changing the script randomly can easily cause a big hit at the box office. Besides, Su Mingyuan has never acted, he lacks acting talents, and he doesn’t look like he can endure hardship.”“Choosing him as the protagonist of your movie increases the likelihood of failure. Mengning, I really don’t want your movie and your name to be tainted and tarnished due to your hasty decision, and because of Su Mingyuan,” Xia Xueqi said this sincerely, as if she was really thinking about Liu Mengning.“Xuexue, thank you for thinking this way for me. But you have neglected one thing. After changing the script, are there no movies that hit the box office? And despite the fact that Su Mingyuan lacks acting talents, I can see that he has acting ability.”“As long as he is willing to accept my guidance, listen to my instructions and arrangements, I believe he will not delay the filming.”” Xuexue, thank you for your concern, and I can understand your concerns in this regard. However, you don’t know much about film; therefore, I think it would be best for you to trust my expertise.”To trust your expertise?To trust your guidance on Mingyuan’sInstruct arrangements?Liu Mengning Liu, I’m afraid you won’t teach him how to act at all, but rather…Xia Xueqi’s pretty face suddenly turned icy. Under the light, she looked even more cool, elegant, and magnificent.What Liu Mengning said made her unable to refute. She was very angry, but she had no way.And even if she won, what could she do?This was Liu Mengning’s movie, and she could pick whoever she wanted to play the lead role. Could you stop her with just a few words?Seeing Liu Mengning show her a kind and gentle smile, Xia Xueqi had the impression that this bad woman was quietly taunting her.Damn it!Despite the fact that her fiancée’s status gives her a significant advantage in this conflict.But then there’s Liu Mengning, a haughty, and brazen woman!Not only Xia Xueqi, but even Ruoruo couldn’t help but want to speak out.Ruoruo wanted to say something to Mengning. She also thought this was inappropriate. Mingyuan was used to eating the meals she cooked for him. If he stays away from home for so long, he wouldn’t be able to eat what I prepare for him every day. Ruoruo would likely be sad.But with her current status and position, she was not qualified to speak out.Xia Xueqi smiled, implying incomparable anger, and withdrew.Su Mingyuan knew Xueqi had done her hardest, but Liu Mengning was too powerful; he couldn’t blame her, and in the end, he had no choice but to accept this truth.Forget it, so what if I didn’t succeed this time?And then I solved Liu Mengning’s problem and found out why she suddenly made such a “surprise”.Then, in the next performance, I will never lose again!Well, thinking about it this way, it’s a good thing I didn’t set up a FLAG at the beginning of the performance.I will do whatever it takes to obtain a perfect score on the spot if I cannot, otherwise, I may have to eat a big loss again.Maybe it will be useful to try reverse FLAG next time?Regardless, the next stage is to play this final performance as an actor, then turn into a white knight and meet Liu Mengning to ask about what happened!This bad woman!At first, I was bewildered by her sweetness. I didn’t expect to be so disobedient.In the hall, facing Liu Mengning’s smile, Su Mingyuan nodded and agreed.“Mengning, of course I do!”“So Mingyuan, can you guarantee that you will obey my arrangements in the crew and follow my caring guidance?”“Of course I promise!”Liu Mengning’s smile suddenly became brighter and more beautiful, and her eyes suddenly fell on Ruoruo who was behind Su Mingyuan.“By the way, I think the secretary behind you is also a rare and good seed. If she is willing, she can also come to play a cameo in my movie.” As soon as these words came out, Ruoruo’s eyes suddenly widened in surprise.She had just lost a few days with Mingyuan’s brother, but now Mengning offered to let her follow…Good!A surprise from heaven—would she not accept it?Of course, she immediately and readily agreed.At that moment, Xiao Ran was also somewhat relieved and felt slightly better.If Ruoruo joined and became popular, then the money he invested was not a waste.Such an outcome would be acceptable to him.At the same time, however, only one person’s face suddenly turned unusually pale in the darkness, and the chill in her eyes seemed to be able to freeze one’s heart.Very good, Liu Mengning! You’re aiming at me, right? I don’t care if you’re aiming at me or not.You take Ruoruo, don’t you take me?Xia Xueqi gritted her silver teeth, and clenched her little hands, her face turning extremely ugly.In fact, she could also figure out that with her status, especially her cold and aloof character, it was impossible for her to be willing to be an actor and act in the drama for others to see.Even if Liu Mengning opened her mouth to invite her at this time, according to her personality, she should not agree.But you know…If Liu Mengning was the only one who monopolized him, she could take out all of her anger on her, blame her for her evil methods, and blame her for this unfair competition.But now Liu Mengning has pulled Ruoruo over.She didn’t know how to get angry; she just felt like her heart was full of anger, and she couldn’t bear it.What was this woman thinking? She was confused. The more unpredictable women are, the more annoying it is.Su Xuelan is much better than her!The banquet was over.The crowd left the venue in succession.No one expected this investment party to have such an end.Xia Xueqi didn’t expect her to be the only loser tonight.In particular, she felt tired when she thought of going back and continuing to work with Murong Hongxue on the busy business of fighting for power.After the night at the amusement park, it was clear that she felt secure. If she dated Mingyuan a few more times, she would be able to become a real husband and wife with him.But why…Why did it turn out this way?Looking at the lonely and cold full moon above her head, Xia Xueqi let out a long sigh.Why didn’t she go to Murong Hongxue to propose an end to the war?Didn’t we notice that Liu Mengning is our real number one enemy?No matter how busy they were dragging each other back, Mingyuan would be stung by the bad woman, Liu Mengning!At the same time, Su Mingyuan asked Ruoruo to go back to the villa by herself to rest, while he changed his clothes in a dark place where no one was around, and immediately went to look for Liu Mengning angrily.For tonight’s matter, Liu Mengning must give the white knight an explanation.She promised him. How could she not play according to the routine?Because of her, the perfect evaluation that should have been his slipped away!In the end, how many villain points I can get and what kind of evaluation I will get, I am not sure now. I can’t figure it out!On the way to find Liu Mengning, the system’s notification sound echoed.[Ding! This performance is over, and various factors are being considered to settle the results of the host’s performance.][Settlement in progress…]Su Mingyuan suddenly stopped in his tracks, feeling uneasy and anxious.>>>