In the hotel’s luxurious rooms.Liu Xi was somewhat puzzled.“Mengning, why did you let Su Mingyuan, that… Young Master, be the male lead of your movie, and even change the script for him?” She was very puzzled, “That Mr. Xiao Bai is Xiao Ran’s junior brother.” Is that why you chose Xiao Ran? Then you…”“His name is Big Hero.” Liu Mengning first corrected Liu Xi’s mistake, then smiled mysteriously and patted her on the shoulder.“Sister Xi, why don’t you think that maybe my big hero would be happy that I chose Su Mingyuan?”How could he be happy?He was Xiao Ran’s junior brother. Xiao Ran and Su Mingyuan had a hostile relationship. Would he really be glad that she chose his enemy, Su Mingyuan, again?Besides, even if she didn’t think about this relationship, Mengning obviously had good feelings towards this Mr. Big Hero, but she had to play a diagonal game with Su Mingyuan, which was a bit…Liu Xi couldn’t understand what Liu Mengning was thinking.“Well, Sister Xixi, don’t think about it, you go to rest first,” Liu Mengning pushed Liu Xi and urged her to leave quickly.Later, her big hero would definitely come up to question her. She didn’t want his true face to be discovered by Sister Xi. That should be a happy time that belongs to her alone.At the same time, Su Mingyuan was anxiously walking back and forth in the dark alley, waiting for the final result.The time it took for the system to settle was very long. This made him feel especially uneasy, like a student waiting for his test grades to find out if he passed after taking the test. But, he didn’t just want to pass. He wanted a good grade!Although Liu Mengning’s surprise came unexpectedly in the end, making Xiao Ran’s most essential act missed, at least he slapped himself twice in the face, didn’t he?He still managed to get his quota of investors, and took a solid step for his upcoming film and television empire. He didn’t lose either!I don’t even need to think about perfect and excellent evaluations, but with my superb acting skills today, it’s not too much to give a good one, right?As for the absurd things he did in the small room with Xueqi and Ruoruo…Ultimately, he should not be entangled in the system. It was not necessary to calculate such a minor issue for such a long time.To that end, I solemnly pledge that the next time will be the last time I do this.Su Mingyuan was now very much like a college student who usually skipped classes and played games, didn’t study for the final exam, and then begged the teacher for favor as a last-ditch effort.Of course, he was different from these college students. He tried his best, but he accidentally made some small mistakes that men tend to make in the middle of the performance.But sometimes, a small mistake could lead to the demise of a country.Furthermore, even though Su Mingyuan consoled himself in his heart by saying that men frequently make mistakes, was this a minor error?No matter how good his performance was before, whether Xiao Ran cooperated well with him or not, he played his role in two events.And after that, how could he expect to get a good grade after committing such a heinous crime? He kept a secret from the novel’s male protagonist by flirting with the heroine, who belonged to him behind his back.[Ding! Your final evaluation for this performance is “failed.” You get 200 villain points and the same strengthening points.]Failed!The cold voice of the system made Su Mingyuan’s face drop instantly.“I knew it a long time ago, when Xiao Ran couldn’t succeed in playing his role, I barely sensed it.”But he didn’t have a vague idea that he would fail the exam. In his heart, he thought that, with a little luck, the teacher who checked the paper might let him pass with a wave of his hand.Those who seek the top will get it; those who seek the middle will get the bottom; and those who seek the bottom will get nothing.[Host, I believe that if you summarize your experiences and lessons, you will be able to make a breakthrough next time.]The system’s typical reassuring voice resumed at that time.“Yes, I got it.“Sigh.”“To put it bluntly, I wasn’t paying attention. If I remained in the dining hall the entire time, Xueqi and Ruoruo would not have been able to sneak in.”Su Mingyuan shook his head.It was too late to say anything now, regretting was just useless.And the most significant reason why he only received a failing mark was that Liu Mengning’s final wave of surprises shattered all of Xiao Ran’s hostility in front of him!I am also at fault, but the biggest culprit must not be let go!Su Mingyuan angrily went straight to the hotel’s senior management to find Liu Mengning.The performance at the Hongyun Tower failed last time, and Su Mingyuan spanked Ruoruo after returning home.Today’s performance at the investment banquet failed, and Liu Mengning, this bad woman, must pay the price!When he knocked on the door of the hotel and was still thinking about how to punish this bad woman, Liu Mengning smiled sweetly and took his hand, as if she had been waiting for him for a long time.“My big hero, you finally came to me.”Huh?What’s going on?How did she know that I was coming to her?Su Mingyuan subconsciously felt that something was wrong.However, before he could think about it, Liu Mengning’s next sentence stunned him, and his defense crumbled. His expression changed in an instant.“Are you happy with the surprise I gave you at the banquet tonight?”Liu Mengning smiled, raised her delicate little face, and looked at him, looking like she was begging for praise.However, Su Mingyuan was shocked by the words coming from her mouth at that moment, and a cold sweat suddenly seeped from his back.At the banquet…Did she know I was at the banquet?She found out my true identity.It’s impossible!My White Knight suit is a System product, and no one should recognize it!But… if she really knows the identity behind my mask, then the matter of inviting me to be the leading actor in the movie seems to make sense all of a sudden…That makes sense.Don’t! Don’t be like this!