“I’m in a hurry.”Su Mingyuan turned his head and did not know what his psychology was.“I knew you are not!”Liu Mengning bit her lips tightly, and her voice was extremely firm.A pair of bright eyes stared into his eyes without blinking, even though his eyes were avoiding them.The air temperature on summer nights was still hot. Even though the air conditioning was turned on in the room, Su Mingyuan still felt that his heart could not calm down at all.“My big hero, you come with me.”No matter what he was thinking, Liu Mengning opened the door and forcefully took his hand to the underground parking lot of the hotel, putting him in a convertible car.“If you are upset, why don’t you go for a drive? You haven’t seen the night view at the top of Yanming Mountain, have you? In fact, I really want to see it too. Would you like to view it next to me?”Liu Mengning handed him the car keys with a smile.What a strange woman! At this moment, she wants me to drive a sports car to the top of the mountain to enjoy the scenery.However, Su Mingyuan, who was in a complicated mood, did not want to reject Liu Mengning’s proposal.He wanted to escape, and he hoped that Liu Mengning would choose to stay.He was afraid that the mask would be exposed, but he secretly longed for someone to see through it.At the moment when Liu Mengning was about to point it out, his conflicting psychology made him completely confused, and the unspeakably complicated emotions made him suddenly not know what kind of face he should give Liu Mengning.So, why not go on a ride?Even without my answer, she continues to accompany me.Su Mingyuan inserted the key and started the engine. With a loud noise that gradually became violent, a black convertible drove out of the underground parking lot, and then rushed towards Yanming Mountain.Wherever they passed, there was a burst of lightning and thunder.…………Yanming Mountain is located on the outskirts of Ming City. With its gorgeous environment, Qianshan Park is a popular tourist destination during the holidays.Houshan Park was somewhat deserted because it had not yet been fully developed, and few tourists visited it. With the winding road in Huoshan and many curves, this place quickly became a racing holy place for many racing enthusiasts in Ming City.It was here that Ye Chen was surprised by Xiao Ran’s driving skills. Only then did they become acquainted, and the two became friends.At this moment, a drag racing competition is about to be staged at the entrance of Huoshan Park.The two most prominent are Ye Chen and Liu Qing of the Liu branch family.Each of the two parties had a group of junior brothers. In order to seize ownership of the track, they fought against each other for a long time.They twist and turn around the mountain road, which splits into different tracks, and they had to compete every once in a while to re divide the ownership of these sections of the track.Tonight is obviously another game of honor.Ye Chen and Liu Qing look at each other and see the sparks flashing in each other’s eyes.For the rich and young, they have no worries about food and drink, no lack of wealth, and it is a face!“Ye Chen, I worked hard for several nights to prepare for tonight’s game. I will break my previous record for the shortest time I had again. Get ready for your defeat!” Liu Qing stated this angrily.Ye Chen smiled coldly.“Oh? Liu Qing, what gives you the courage to say big things like that? Under the tutelage of my junior brother, Xiao Ran, I have once again achieved a significant improvement in my driving skills. You’re the one who will lose!”The two looked at each other, then simultaneously turned and entered their cars.The convoy behind the two also got on their cars and ignited, ready to go.As soon as the flag dropped, the eight customized sports vehicles bolted from the starting line and sped towards the finish line.Five minutes later.A black convertible made a thunderous noise.Immediately, someone came up to wave the flag to stop the car. It was okay during practice, but once the game began, these spectators would prevent automobiles from using this road so as not to disrupt the race with foreign vehicles.However, this black sedan is like a roaring tiger, with unabated speed and roaring like thunder. With a strange sideways shift, it avoids the flag-waving boy blocking the middle of the road.The roaring sound from passing by was like a warning from the god of death, which made this little brother’s legs weak, his pupils dilated, and the hand waving the flag freeze in the air.Then he suddenly collapsed and sat weakly on the ground.He obviously missed his chance to meet with Prince Yama just now. He was almost about to be hit.Nevertheless, the driver did not slow down, and the moving vehicle’s body was less than 30 centimeters from him, and the rearview mirror on the body was almost close to his The body flew past.It was not until a long time later that this little brother came back to his senses, picked up the walkie-talkie, and shouted loudly: “Brother Ye, Brother Liu! A foreign vehicle has entered our race. Be cautious; the opposing party is a master!”Master?When Ye Chen and Liu Qing heard this, their hearts moved at the same time. They smiled coldly, and they didn’t care about the master that the little guy said.At this time, the two were biting each other hard. Ye Chen was in the lead position, while Liu Qing was towards the rear. One of them attempted to block the other’s position to prevent the other from passing. The other driver, like a slithering snake, waited in a bend for the opportunity to pass.Two people have already left the cars of the other six team members behind.Therefore, neither felt any pressure and did not take the so-called expert seriously.Because in terms of time, when the other party entered the road from Houshan, they had already started for six or seven minutes, far ahead of the other side for a long distance. They are confident that they will not encounter the other team as they race to the finish line.Why do they take this matter to heart?Oh, master?If the person is indeed a master, is that person capable of catching up to them?Their attention soon returned to the fight with each other.meanwhile.Su Mingyuan felt the roaring mountain wind and the fast-passing scenery. He stepped on the accelerator and felt very happy.Why do men love sports cars?When driving a vehicle, a loud noise is accompanied by the powerful sensation of being driven back. Controlling the ferocious mechanical beast beneath your body causes the wind to split, the clouds to rip apart, and the speed to fly to extremes. The adrenaline makes your blood spurt.It is a kind of romance that belongs to men alone—a wanton catharsis that belongs to men alone!