Su Mingyuan didn’t care about a straight road, a curve, a steep hill, safety, or slowing down.Master-level driving skills gave him unparalleled control. Even though the mountain road in front of him had nine twists and eighteen bends, and even though several cars were stopped at the bend in front of him and were slowing down to get around it, Su Mingyuan just sped up to the limit, flashed past these cars like lightning, and their taillights left two dark red trails on the dark road.“Damn it! What the heck!”“That car just now…Is that guy driving crazy? Did he turn the corner without stopping?!”“What the heck! We’ve met a real master! Don’t you see that he didn’t slow down when he turned the corner and that he passed us in this turn?”On the intercom, people kept gasping and yelling.“WTH!”‘It looks like the ditch drop drift right now. Isn’t that a ditch drop drift?’“Could the things in the movie really be done?”“Damn it, is this something human can do?”The people on both teams quickly told their captains what had just happened, and then they stopped the car.No matter what, this is not a contest. Since there is no first- or second-place winner, there is no reason not to enjoy the amazing moment right now.But the longer it went on and the more accurate the results were, the more surprised they got. They came to the conclusion that the other person’s driving skills were both scary and great, just like those professional car drivers.Even Xiao Ran and Ye Chen met before appears not so horrifying.Their six vehicles nearly blocked the curve by blocking the front and rear, but they were passed by the opposing side!Still going so fast that they could only see the two fuzzy tracks left by each other’s taillights…Ye Chen and Liu Qing’s hearts sunk simultaneously upon hearing the brief description of the team members. They had not yet taken the so-called master’s words to heart, but they immediately felt a weight on their shoulders.Both of them didn’t really believe what the team members said about the ditch drop spin, since they now knew what a real professional car driver was like, and they thought the team members were exaggerating.But in my heart, while being full of heavy pressure, I was surging with inexplicable excitement and enthusiasm.Master?So right!The two are in high spirits!Su Mingyuan didn’t know that his amazing driving skills had completely put down all six members of the gang, or that Liu Qing and Ye Chen had become more aggressive because he was there.He was just having the most fun he could ever have, enjoying speed and love while drag racing.Under such a catharsis, he also let go of a lot of complicated feelings in his heart. He threw them into the roaring mountain wind, and they went away with the wind.His mood became more and more cheerful, and the brain became more and more clear.He turned his head and looked at Liu Mengning beside him.She was wearing a beautiful white dress, and her jet-black hair flowed easily in the wind.The lights on the road were dim and unclear, and the trees in the forest gathered their branches to hide in the dark shadows.Everything before his eyes was hazy and dark, except for her eyes, which shone like the stars in the sky.This time, Su Mingyuan didn’t try to avoid her eyes. Instead, he looked back at her straight in the eyes and smiled.Liu Mengning was stunned for a moment, and then she smiled at him while gently tossing her hair so it fluttered in the wind.Her eyes glistened, her smile was sweet and moving, with a slight touch of charm. She wore a simple white skirt, which matched his white windbreaker. Damn it, why did Liu Mengning, a sweet and charming bad woman, come into being in this world?She opened her mouth slightly and said something to him. After she finished speaking, she blushed again and covered her mouth a little shyly. Under the thin eyelashes that trembled slightly, the pair of dazzling, star-like eyes rippled in a sparkling circle.What does she want to say?Su Mingyuan couldn’t hear it well because the mountain wind was too strong and the engine was too loud.But that’s not important anymore.A big hole was blasted in his heart.Inside the hole was Liu Mengning’s bad woman, who had moved her feet and occupied the most central position comfortably. She knocked at the door mischievously, asking him if he wanted to play this heart-pounding game with her.The world around him was fuzzy and dark, but the bright moon in the sky was still beautiful and clear.But he only had her in his eyes, nothing else.So, in such a situation, SSu Mingyuan stepped on the accelerator, fiddled with the steering wheel, and passed Ye Chen and Liu Qing, who were fighting.Ye Chen and Liu Qing were actually aware of the arrival of that expert when they heard the roar that was getting louder and louder behind them.Watching the rapidly approaching car in the rearview mirror, the heavy pressure and fierce fighting spirit prompted them to take a risk and stepped on the gas pedal even though they were clearly at a bend.The road ahead makes sharp turns all the time. Two cars, one in front and one behind, one going left and one going right, were almost in the way of the road.However……Hum——!The black sedan car behind him was like a shadow emerging from the night. It roared like thunder and split the wind and waves in front of it. It is incredible to pass between the two cars and rush to the distance!“Damn it!”Ye Chen and Liu Qing both swore at the same time and couldn’t believe what they had just seen.Before this, they still felt that the team members were exaggerating, but after witnessing this moment for themselves, they were only trembling at the top of their heads!And what shocked them even more was that they couldn’t believe it.What did they see just now?At the moment when they passed each other, through the flashing scene, they noticed that the driver was not only driving with one hand on the steering wheel, but also tilted his head and smiled at his female companion !What the hell!You just beat us?On such a dangerous route where even a small mistake could cause us to crash and die, he passed us without slowing down and at a very steep angle. Also, he didn’t pay attention to the track or to them from the beginning to the end. Instead, he paid more attention to the woman who was with him.Is this really something that people can do?Ahead, Su Mingyuan’s black sedan car was already far beyond the field of vision. even the taillights could not be seen, and Ye Chen and Liu Qing both stopped the car at the same time, and there was no interest in racing again.Being able to witness such a miraculous scene tonight is already worthwhile in this life, so what else could possible compare?Xiao Ran?But compared to this mystery driver, his skills don’t seem as impressive.The two looked at each other. While being convinced by the driver, Ye Chen was extremely excited, and immediately prepared to get in the car again, wanting to follow the past to see who the mysterious driver was.At this time, Liu Qing stared at the message that was suddenly sent from his mobile phone, and was taken aback for a moment, then quickly stopped him.“Don’t go, it’s obvious that they’re here for a date. Do you have to be a light bulb to disturb and annoy others?”