Liu Mengning sat on the lawn, leaning against a tree.The shade of the trees was lush, and the night wind tonight was particularly refreshing and gentle. Liu Mengning brushed her hair in a feminine way, and then patted her side lightly.“My Big Hero, come and sit down.”Su Mingyuan didn’t refuse, and just walked over there.Changing the environment was like changing the mood.Sometimes things that seemed to be extremely confusion, after an exciting and exhilarating drag racing, felt that they were nothing much.So what if I was recognized?Su Mingyuan? White knight?Aren’t they all me?Liu Mengning bent her knees, put her hand on her cheek, and looked at him with a smile.“Xiaobai, are you feeling better now?”Su Mingyuan sat next to her: “What do you think?”“Then do you have something urgent to leave now?” Liu Mengning asked again.Su Mingyuan turned his head away and responded to her with a smile, “No, not anymore.”Liu Mengning tilted her head to look at him, the smile on her face widened.“Xiaobai, although I don’t know why you behave like that on weekdays, it’s completely different from you wearing a mask. It seems like a world of difference, like two different people. But I always believe in the you I see in my eyes. Believe me, what I see is your reality. When we first met, you said you could be called a knight. Yes, you are like those white knights who guard the princess in fairy tales, handsome and silent. And powerful. But I want to say…”She moved her body and approached Su Mingyuan.There was originally a distance of a few palms between the two, but now there was almost no gap.The night breeze blew in at the right time, drifting the delicate fragrance of her body into Su Mingyuan’s breath. The leaves on the trees rustled, and the moonlight looked extremely beautiful at that moment.She turned her head and stared deeply at Su Mingyuan’s face covered by the mask.“My Big Hero, although the knights in the story are strong, handsome, loyal and brave, they are not the protagonists in the life of the princess they loyally guard, but the prince is. In the end, the loyal knight can only swallow the bitterness in his heart and watch his beloved princess off. Walk into the palace with the prince and wish them happiness in the future. So in my heart, you are not the knight in fairy tales, no matter whether you wear a mask or not, no matter which one is the real you. In my eyes, you are always the hero who is kind, upright, brave and powerful.”“No, heroes are not enough.”“It must be a prince!”Under the night, Liu Mengning’s bright eyes were more moving than the twinkling stars in the sky. Her eyes seemed to be filled with a boat full of stars, and the brilliance flowing at this moment couldn’t even be compared with the bright moonlight.At that moment, Su Mingyuan’s heart trembled violently, and her mind was completely occupied by her gentle and affectionate face, and there was no shadow of anyone else.The eyes she stared at were like a ray of love shot by Cupid. Even though he had all kinds of defences, under this arrow, it collapsed layer by layer, and the door of his heart became wide open.The figure of this woman was completely nailed to his heart.He couldn’t escape, and couldn’t hide.And it would never be forgotten.He was completely arrested by Liu Mengning, a bad woman.But why did I suddenly feel a sweet touch in my heart, and I didn’t feel any resentment, but was willing instead?That’s right, he called himself a knight in white clothes. Last week, in order to help Xiao Ran and save the heroines in distress, he worked so hard to his death. Isn’t he just like the loyal, brave, handsome and powerful knight in a fairy tale?But knights were destined to be only supporting roles, and princesses would only fall in love with princes in the end. They were the destined couple, destined to enter the palace of marriage.The heroic knight could only take off his armour, wipe the mottled scars on it, and stand alone watching the princess and prince step into the magnificent palace, silently wishing them a happy future…But now, the beautiful princess suddenly came to him, took off his mask, leaned on him lightly, and told him affectionately that you are my hero and you are my prince.This was the first time someone had said such words to him in the past two weeks.In this world, was.there a more romantic confession than this?Su Mingyuan’s heartbeat uncontrollably and affectionately for the princess in front of him. He slightly tightened his lips, and suddenly felt an impulse in his heart.Liu Mengning gently hugged his arm, rested her head on his shoulder, and suddenly pointed to the starry night sky and said:“My Big Hero, do you think the starry sky is beautiful tonight?”“It’s pretty.” Su Mingyuan stared at her beautiful profile.“But I feel a little less romantic and lively. So…”Liu Mengning shook his arm lightly, a charming smile appeared on her beautiful face at this moment as she pointed to the sky. “Xiaobai, look.”Su Mingyuan raised his head and looked in the direction of her finger.At this moment, several dark and subtle light spots rose to the highest point, and they bloomed with a “bang”, and bright fireworks burst into the night sky, dancing with splendour all over the mountain.The bright moon, the stars, and the splendid fireworks.The colourful shades illuminatef Su Mingyuan’s face and his eyes. This was the romantic scene specially prepared by Liu Mengning for him alone.“Xiaobai, I only saw the grand fireworks you carefully prepared for others, but I think you should also have thought about whether there is a girl who can sparkle the entire night sky for you, right?”“So, I specially prepared this just for you, do you like it?”Under the illumination of the fireworks, Liu Mengning’s smile looked even more beautiful and touching.Fireworks wete very beautiful and romantic, and the night sky reflected by the fireworks, bright moon and stars was even more magnificent and splendid.But, it could n’t compare to Liu Mengning’s smiling eyes at that time, and the corners of her mouth that were slightly raised at this moment.Su Mingyuan was completely fascinated by this bad woman, and his soul was about to be hooked.The impulse in his heart became more and more fierce.After a roar, he completely rushed out of the cage. There was a voice in his heart urging and roaring.His blood was rushing, his heart was beating like a raging beast, and the sound of the System seemed to be ringing in his ears. That cold and terrifying rule seemed to be trying to wake him up. However, at that moment, reason was completely submerged by the emotional tsunami and trampled to death on the bottom of the sea, Su Mingyuan just wanted to lower his head and kiss her at this moment, no matter whether he would loss a Villain Point or not.If I get deducted, it’s not a big deal, I will work harder to earn more!