Even though Xia Xueqi never complimented her and her praise sounded a little stiff, she still made Mother Su smile and feel closer to her.Seeing Mother Su’s attitude, Xia Xueqi was immediately convinced. She glanced at Su Xuelan and cast a proud look at her during the conversation.Do you want to take advantage of the situation?Alright. You bitch. First I’m going to confirm the relationship between Mingyuan and me as lovers in front of your parents, and then I’m going to build a good relationship with your parents so that they will accept me as a daughter-in-law in their hearts, leaving you, Su Xuelan, with nowhere to go!At that moment, Su Xuelan felt like she was surrounded by cold.Everything changed the moment Xia Xueqi walked through the door.She hugged Su Mingyuan in front of her and Mother Su.She held hands with her mother in front of her and chatted happily with her.She appeared to be the family’s hostess, Mingyuan’s beloved, and the mother’s daughter in law.Su Xuelan’s heart was dripping blood.Her hands clenched into fists and she gritted her teeth.Sometimes, the people who know you best could become the best of friends and also the best of enemies.In a past life, she and Xia Xueqi were good friends and fought together. In the lives they had at the time, they were fierce enemies.How could her calculation deceive Xia Xueqi?In the same way, Xia Xueqi’s actions made Su Xuelan realize that this damn wench had figured out what she was up to, so she rushed to the door to do the same thing.Why was that?Her “corner overtaking,” her comeback to get ahead, and her plan had not yet started. Could she declare bankruptcy?Su Mingyuan noticed her face at this time and asked with concern, “What’s the matter, Sister? Are you uncomfortable? Why is your face not so good?”Su Xuelan smiled warmly without meaning to and said, “It’s okay, maybe it’s because my aunt just came and my stomach is a little uncomfortable.”“I read on the Internet that drinking hot brown sugar water will help a lot. Do you want me to get you some?”Su Mingyuan’s concern gave Su Xuelan some warm comfort.However, when she thought that the reason why he cared about her was because of her status as a sister, her mood became even more unpleasant.Especially Xia Xueqi, who was talking and laughing with her mother.Relying on her status as a fiancee, this evil wench simply took advantage of everything!“No, Mingyuan, I’ve tried it for a long time. Drinking brown sugar water has little effect on me, but rubbing my stomach greatly alleviates the pain.”Looking at Su Xuelan’s tender eyes, Su Mingyuan’s smile stiffened.Could she mean….. Does she want me to rub her stomach?In front of her mother and Xueqi?Seeing Su Mingyuan’s embarrassed expression, Su Xuelan smiled slightly. “I didn’t ask you to help me rub my stomach. What are you embarrassed about? I will go to find Xueqi.”With that said, she got up and used this as an excuse to ask her mother to borrow Xia Xueqi, who was having a good conversation with her. She outlined that she had stomach pain and letting her good sister rub her belly would relieve her oain while she could use this opportunity to talk to her.As soon as the two left, the kind smile on Mother Su’s face in the living room disappeared immediately.She looked at the back of the two people going upstairs, and then looked at Su Mingyuan, who appeared a little naive on the sofa, and sighed in silence.“Mingyuan, why did you and Xueqi become so… intimate all of a sudden? Come and tell me.”In fact, Su Mingyuan was also puzzled by Xia Xueqi’s sudden appearance.Their alliance was deliberately secret, and their relationship must also be kept hidden from Xiao Ran and the rest of the people.With their forced engagement, they created the idea that their relationship was forced.How could this entanglement be revealed to hismother?And why did she want to expose our relationship to his sister and mother?Su Mingyuan couldn’t figure it out.At the door, facing Xia Xueqi’s embrace, he actually wanted to refuse, because he didn’t want to be exposed.But, seeing Xia Xueqi’s gentle and kind eyes, he couldn’t refuse. And since Xueqi showed that kind of appearance in front of her sister and mother, there must be some explanation, right?I can only ask her why later in private. Anyway, it’s impossible for her to act like this all of a sudden, right?In consideration of that, Su Mingyuan likewise intimately hugged Su Xuelan in front of his mother and Su Xuelan.But, Su Mingyuan did not expect that before he could find an opportunity to privately ask Xia Xueqi about the reason, he would be first asked by his mother.How should he answer this?Seeing his prevarication, Mother Su knew that she could not ask him why. She could only look at him blankly and sigh deeply.“Oh, Mingyuan, Xuelan is very good. Xueqi is also a good girl. In the future you must make a decision, it must not be wrong.”Su Mingyuan sat on the sofa in a daze.Sister is very good? I know that!Is Xueqi a good girl? I also know!What wrong choice?Mom, what riddle are you playing with me?Mother Mu looked at his wooden figure and was not angry.Even if you make trouble outside, I don’t know what tricks you made to deceive Xueqi’s girl’s heart, but Xuelan begged me again…Sigh!Mother Su could tell that if Xia Xueqi didn’t like her son, why would she put on such a low profile to please her and speak unskilled words of flattery that she had never said before?Glancing at her son who liked to make trouble, she was simply clueless and left.On the second floor of the villa, Su Xuelan’s room.As soon as the door was shut, the two “good sisters” who were holding hands abruptly broke, as if they received an electric shock. The smile vanished from their faces, their eyes were cold, and their looks were scornful and hostile.“Xia Xueqi, my good sister, I know you have a hidden agenda. Your arrival couldn’t have come at a better time!”>>To read more novels:CLICK HERE