“Xuelan, isn’t it normal for me to visit my fiancée’s mother ? It is very odd to see you so furious; what are you so angry about? Shouldn’t you want me to get along with Auntie, but instead you’re hoping that we will come into conflict? This is not the reaction you should have as his older sister.”“Stop talking nonsense, Xia Xueqi!”Su Xuelan was angry at that moment. She had no intention of confronting her with words, so she stepped forward and grabbed her by the collar.“You really piss me off!”She gritted her teeth tightly, and looked down at Xia Xueqi’s icy face condescendingly, with a trace of fierceness never seen before in her eyes.Although she was caught by the collar and glared at by Su Xuelan with such fierce and angry eyes, Xia Xueqi just wanted to laugh out loud in her heart.This woman, she is in a hurry!Xia Xueqi stretched out her arm gracefully and slowly, her long and slender fingers pressed on Su Xuelan’s wrist, which was clutching her collar. Her face was like a spring breeze.“Su Xuelan, you want to ruin my fiancee’s identity with such a poisonous plan, so why can’t I be allowed to fight back?”In spite of her smile, her tone was extremely cold.The true qi flowing in the palm of her hand immediately gave her an extremely strong power boost. She gazed at Su Xuelan, smiled coldly, grabbed her wrist, and flicked her arm away from her neck.Su Xuelan’s eyes looked like they were on fire. Never before had she found the woman in front of her to be so irritating.Yes, even if Xia Xueqi really annoyed her, what else could she do?Could it be that before killing Xiao Ran, could a duel between the Su and Xia families increase her likelihood of reaping the benefits?Impossible!If Xiao Ran does not die, Mingyuan will not survive.And if Mingyuan was dead, then what was the point of her fight with Xia Xueqi?As a sister, she could only warn Mingyuan in advance and mention a few negative things about Xia Xueqi…I’m miserable, really miserable!She hadn’t seen Mingyuan in eight days, during which he was with Ruoruo, Xia Xueqi, Murong Hongxue, and Liu Mengning…Had contact and intimate interactions with each and every other woman, except her!And she eventually planned this, hoping to make a comeback by playing her ‘parents’ sympathy’ card, but this troublemaker, Xia Xueqi, ruined her plans! She appeared out of nowhere and was enjoying Mingyuan’s tenderness.She also hugged Mingyuan in front of her to please his mother!Su Xuelan sneered fiercely while tightening her five fingers into fists.“Xueqi, for the sake of the circumstance as a whole, I can tolerate your actions. However, as a sister, I’d like to share my recent experience cultivating the Heavenly Creation of Pure Jade Divine skill.”As soon as she finished speaking, before Xia Xueqi could agree, the True Qi danced out from her fingertips and turned into needles. She had already stabbed her finger!If I don’t play with this wench today and make her suffer, I will have no peace of mind!Downstairs, Su Mingyuan, bored out the cell phone, was brushing past the news.All of a sudden.Bang!There was a loud noise upstairs.What’s happening?Su Mingyuan raised his head in doubt and looked around.For no reason, it seemed that it was not an earthquake… Could there have been a clash between martial arts masters?It was impossible.Now the plot had not progressed to the middle stage. Xiao Ran’s mercenaries from abroad were enough to roam freely in this period of time. Where did they come from?Su Mingyuan shook his head, thinking that it could just be his own illusion right just now. He once more took up his phone, checked the news about Liu Mengning and his collaboration movie, and read a few interesting netizen comments.Especially those who claimed he lacked acting abilities, that he would undoubtedly play a significant role in the film crew, and that if the film failed at that time, it would be as if he was “a piece of rat faeces which spoiled the whole pot of congee” and so on.[TN:- one bad apple can spoil the whole bunch.]What? I don’t have any acting abilities?I’m afraid you don’t realise how fantastic and terrifying my acting skills are to switch back and forth between the female protagonists, running around in circles to trick the female protagonist and Xiao Ran!But, when he was in the crew, he was ready to act casually.It was just a movie, and it was not his performance task, so it was not worth 100% of his skills.In any case, according to the usual plot, the movie would undoubtedly be a success, and it would subsequently overshadow the movie released by his company at the same time.This was also a part of the plot. According to the original novel, Su Mingyuan was furious that Xiao Ran became an investor in Liu Mengning’s film, so he recruited a group of directors and performers from the film and television industries and spent a great deal of money and favors.He worked tirelessly to create a super god film that would compete with Liu Mengning’s latest movie for release at the same time, effectively suppressing the spotlight on these two people!He wanted to let Liu Mengning that collaborating with Xiao Ran was fruitless and a waste of time. He, Su Mingyuan, was the real capable person, and he was worthy of her admiration and her heartfelt approval!Then, this movie didn’t even make a tenth of what Liu Mengning’s film did at the box office. He was fortunate to have his grandmother assist him. The collaboration between Xiao Ran and Liu Mengning was extremely fruitful, as he played a cameo in the film. He gained notoriety due to Su Mingyuan’s heritage, and through a series of public appearances, they became a national couple and public lovers.At that time, Su Mingyuan’s performance task was no longer something that required Xiao Ran to be present and let him pretend to be forced in person.After all, in the original novel, there were many scenes in which he hid in the dark and plotted against Xiao Ran in an attempt to ruin him. Afterwards, the protagonist Xiao Ran’s halo not only shattered his trick, but he also showed off his heroism and domineering demeanour in front of everyone. It was a successful wave of coercion, which made Su Mingyuan, who was hiding behind the scenes, grit his teeth and feel resentful.This kind of performance task was even easier for Su Mingyuan.Instead of confronting Xiao Ran, let him humiliate himself in front of everyone in order to play hard to get successfully.As long as he first made a sinister villain image which depicted conspiracy and calculation, sent the task to his subordinates, and then secretly targeted Xiao Ran.Afterwards, the plot would be broken, and Xiao Ran would successfully pretend to be coercive. After receiving the news, he would reveal the image of a furious villain, and an excellent performance could be completed.He didn’t need to do anything. He only needed to adopt a villainous character, replicate the wicked skills from the original novel to plot against Xiao Ran, and wait for him to act successfully.Xiao Ran should not let him down.Later, Xiao Ran would encourage the villain Su Mingyuan to take action. If he was successful in any way, he must repeat the same action and slap Xiao Ran in the face!