The blush on her face at this moment quickly faded, but the iceberg-like cold and arrogant majesty that had engulfed her continued to grow.“Su Mingyuan, you’re free to make nasty and abusive remarks to me as much as you like. But I won’t get angry at all.”“You know why?”“Because they are nothing more than vain cries.”“Because no one cares about a dog’s barking, also no one cares about a scoundrel like you.”Su Mingyuan’s face flushed with obvious anger.“Xia Xueqi, once or twice is enough, but in front of so many people today, you repeatedly compared me to a dog and a scoundrel. You are really… so bold! How dare you insult me, the young master of the Su family!”“Yeah, I was really wrong. I even compared you, the young master of the Su family, to a dog, compared to the existence of flies. Su Mingyuan, I really made a big mistake, and now I feel very regretful. Because I just found out that you’re not even as good as them!“Dogs at least know loyalty, flies exist as pests and cause a lot of trouble to humans, and you?”“As the young master of the Su family, you were born with a golden spoon, what value has your existence created?“Five years ago, you opened a film and television company in order to pursue Liu Mengning. I also happened to have founded Xuan Mei at that time.”“Then what? Then you never cared about things, you just wanted to play with women, not only do you not care about things, but also want to use this company as a platform for you to lie down. If it weren’t for your sister Su Xuelan sent to help you from time to time, you would even make ends meet. Can’t do it!”“And me? While you were playing with women, I was working on the company; when you were taking women for a drive in your Rolls-Royce, I was thinking about how to make the company bigger and stronger; while you and your friends are drinking famous wine and showing off what good jade you have bought, my company has become famous in the circle and has a place.”“Five years have passed. Your company has the huge resources of the Su family and the help of Su Xuelan, but it is still a second-rate company in the film and television industry! You thought you could have a chance to collide with Liu Mengning by opening a film company, but she didn’t even bother to look at you!”“My Xuanmei has now expanded to a scale of 10 billion. It is now a well-known quasi-first-line cosmetics company in China! Countless celebrities are eager to become the spokesperson of our company. Liu Mengning, whom you are pursuing, signed a two-year spokesperson contract with us six months ago, and I can call her with a phone call if I want to ask her out for a meal!”“This kind of thing, Su Mingyuan, can’t you do it?“Because you only know how to play and have fun by yourself since you were a child. You have never done something that is really successful!”“You started your own company, but in five years you only made this virtue. You pursued Liu Mengning, but until now you haven’t even held her hand. Do you know why you are the head of the four gangsters in the Ming capital? Do you know why your parents are now gradually letting Su Xuelan take care of most of the Su family’s business?”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Because everyone in the capital of Ming capital knows that you are a waste, a scumbag! Even your parents know this clearly in their hearts!”“Do you know why the Xia family wants me to marry you?“Because I’m strong, I’m so much stronger than you punk. They are afraid I’ll take away my brother’s future position as head of the family, and they want to drive me away because I scare them!”“Su Mingyuan, you are just lucky that you came from a wealthy family. I can still rely on my wisdom and knowledge to succeed even if my identity and background changes, while you will only forever sink to the bottom, die in some unknown garbage dump!”“So now you see why I said you were worse than a dog, worse than a fly?”“Since you were born, your existence has been creating negative values ​​for this society. You are nothing but a worthless man, an uneducated waste, and a hollow and empty  good-for-nothing ! ”“Now, please get out of my company immediately, because my company doesn’t accept trash like you, and doesn’t welcome arrogant scumbags like you!”Hiss…!Everyone present was breathless.At this moment, Xiao Ran raised the corner of his mouth, his heart surged with infinite pleasure.At this moment, Su Mingyuan was very ecstatic!‘Good scolding, Xia Xueqi!’‘Exactly! That’s how you should scold him and humiliate him!’The more you belittled him like this and slapped him in the face, the more elated and  hopped with happiness he was!Because in this show ……I would be scolded by you and leave in disgrace in the end.That should be the ending of the villain in the novel’s plot!‘Wonderful!’‘Fantastic!’‘This is simply perfect!’‘I never imagined that this performance would be so smooth!’‘No, it can even be said to be an extraordinary performance!’‘Whether it’s the foreshadowing that I brought Ruoruo here, my excellent performance as the villain, or Xia Xueqi’s increasingly wonderful performance because of my performance, all of which made this performance reach perfection!’On the surface, Su Mingyuan looked extremely angry because he was stinged by Xia Xueqi’s words.After all, Xia Xueqi was literally tearing open his glorious appearance in front of everyone, showing his incompetent waste self completely.His heart was so happy,  he was almost happy.This time, if the system didn’t give him a perfect score and gave him 2000 villain points, it would be a little unreasonable, right?After all, this was the end of the story and this time, he’s been slapped in the face.Xia Xueqi came forward for Xiao Ran, and with Ruoruo’s existence, Su Mingyuan’s face was beaten to the point of disappearing, Xiao Ran pretended to be a big force invisibly.What a perfect performance!Hold back, can’t laugh!At the end of this last moment, I must refrain from laughing!Right now, he was trying to suppress his unbearable mood, and dutifully play the final ending.Inside the meeting room, Xia Xueqi looked at Su Mingyuan’s gloomy expression and issued an ultimatum.“Su Mingyuan, if you don’t get out, I’ll let my bodyguards show you out!”Su Mingyuan’s two bodyguards were beaten by Xiao Ran and admitted to the hospital yesterday, and so he came here today with no bodyguards.So at this moment, faced with this great humiliation, he had no choice but to leave.At this moment, Xiao Ran finally couldn’t hold back the smile on the corner of his mouth and stood up,“President Xia, let me send this straw bag away.”“No, you don’t need to send it.” Xia Xueqi said coldly.“Why?” Xiao Ran asked in surprise. He really wanted to “escort” Su Mingyuan out of the company. By the way, quietly admire his embarrassed expression on the way.“Because you are fired.”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comXia Xueqi looked at Xiao Ran and said indifferently.***