【Host, I’m here.】“Let me ask you, is there something wrong with my performance this time?” Su Mingyuan angrily asked.In today’s drama performance, he acted so seriously and so forcefully. He felt that his performance this time was even better than last time.In the end, the evaluation he received was even worse than last time!Fail!Even though he hadn’t had any acting skills in the past week, he had never received such an evaluation!【Host, your performance can only be described in two words, impeccable.】‘Impeccable?’The System’s reply made Su Mingyuan even more angry. “Then why did I get a fail evaluation!”【Host, the evaluation of your performance is based on three aspects.】【First: In this performance, did the host successfully draw a large amount of hatred from the main character?】“Today, I humiliated Xiao Ran to such an extreme extent. I scolded him as a dog and brought Xiao Ruoruo in front of him to provoke him. I performed so well today, didn’t I crack the first one?” Su Mingyuan was unhappy.【According to the regulations, the specific details are not available.】“No… Tell me?” Su Mingyuan frowned.The System continued.【Second: Whether this performance succeeded in making the male protagonist Xiao Ran pretend to be normal. The more exciting the success of the face slap, the higher the evaluation. In addition, this one evaluation has the highest weighting in the overall evaluation.】“So, just because I didn’t succeed in insulting Xiao Ran, but he also got slapped in the face along with me by Xia Xueqi, so I got a low score for this performance, right?“No, system, although Xiao Ran was hit in the face by Xia Xueqi, but it was not as bad as I was hit in the face. I was bloody torn apart from the inside out by Xia Xueqi, completely losing all face. And …… who said Xiao Ran didn’t pretend to be normal?“I brought Ruoruo over! Although Xiao Ran was enraged, at least in this aspect of Ruoruo, he should have successfully pretended!”【……】【……】【According to the regulations, the specific details are not available.】“You can’t tell me again?” Su Mingyuan clenched his fists tightly. His eyes were clearly revealing displeasure. “If you don’t tell me what I didn’t do well, how can I improve?”【……】【According to the regulations, the specific details are not available.】The System ignored Su Mingyuan’s dissatisfaction and continued.【Third: Did this performance bring Xiao Ran any benefits?】Based on the above three aspects, the host’s evaluation for this performance was: Fail.]【Host, your performance is already perfect. I think it’s not your fault that the performance failed.】【As long as you pull yourself together and find the key points to solve the problem, I believe you will definitely get a perfect evaluation next time!】“What’s the point of believing in me! If you want to tell me the reason for the problem, you’ll just say something. This makes me cheer up!”Su Mingyuan angrily punched the Rolls Royce’s seat. He then exhaled and collapsed on the chair.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comActually, he could tell the crux of the problem without the System telling him.Everything today was so perfect, so consistent with the plot, and even more so, except for one person.Xia Xueqi!It was this bad woman whom he had high hopes for, and in the end, she had ruined everything!Her last sentence of expulsion did not only completely stop Xiao Ran from pretending, it also caused the subsequent plot to become a mess!According to the plot, after this encounter, Xia Xueqi would hate the marriage imposed on her by the family and appreciate Xiao Ran even more.Not long after, Xiao Ran’s foreign brothers would come to Ming City to start a security company.During this period of time, Xia Xueqi would bring Xiao Ran to attend all sorts of high-class banquets to help him get to know people and make his security company the first choice for the various aristocratic families.It could be said that according to the development of the plot, it was with Xia Xueqi’s help that Xiao Ran was able to quickly enter the circle of upper-class society. He also used his security company to make friends with many bigwigs in the Ming capital and initially formed a network of influence.But now that Xia Xueqi had closed Xiao Ran’s door, how could he smoothly integrate into the upper-class society and form his own network of influence?It could be said that the performance this time not only caused Xia Xueqi to slap Xiao Ran in the face, but it also did not bring any benefits to Xiao Ran. It made Xiao Ran suffer a huge loss.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comNo wonder the System had given him a failed evaluation!However, thinking through this point made Su Mingyuan feel even worse.This was because he was not the main culprit. He had clearly worked so hard, but he had done nothing wrong…Most importantly, many of the conflicts between him and Xiao Ran would be affected or even disappear due to this change.For example, there would be a plot where he would go to Liu Mengning’s investment meeting. In the plot, Xia Xueqi would also bring Xiao Ran to the banquet, followed by a face-smacking scene that belonged to Xiao Ran.But…Now that Xiao Ran had been fired, how could Xia Xueqi bring him to the banquet?That was why Su Mingyuan was so angry and dejected.This was because Xia Xueqi’s action could be said to have completely eliminated the main thread of the early stages of the novel!He didn’t know how to remedy it even if he wanted to!Thinking of her, Su Mingyuan couldn’t help but grit his teeth in anger.He had praised Xia Xueqi before but now he hated this woman.‘Xia Xueqi, you’re such a bad woman!’Su Mingyuan roared in his heart.He had never thought that such a normal female lead would cause such huge trouble for him!‘No, how was her personality normal? It was clearly abnormal!’‘Iceberg beauty, venomous tongue, strong personality, strong control, a strong rebellious mentality towards the arrangements that were imposed on her, and a liking for Xiao Ran.’The first part was so coincidental, so why was it that she didn’t have the slightest bit of original performance!‘Xia Xueqi, what are you doing!’‘Without Xiao Ran’s help, how can you break free from the restrictions imposed on you by the Xia family?’‘Can you not suddenly make a backstab at this critical moment of fate!’Su Mingyuan was tired.At this moment, he really wanted to give up on himself.‘There is no need to act as a villain. How could I still have the chance to spend enough money on my way home after Xia Xueqi’s plot!’However, when he thought of the hard work he had done last week and the counter-assignment of 50,000 yuan in his account, he was still a little unwilling and reluctant.He had already given so much…“Brother Mingyuan, if you’re in a bad mood, just lie on my lap and rest for a while. I’ll give you a massage.”The pure and beautiful voice of a young girl sounded beside his ears. Su Mingyuan suddenly turned his head and looked at Xiao Ruoruo, who was filled with concern for him. The grievance and hatred in his heart instantly found an opening to vent.“Ruoruo, you executed my orders perfectly today. Very good.”He pulled Xiao Ruoruo into his embrace and held her shoulder. He lowered his head and stared into her deer-like shocked eyes, revealing a crazed expression.“I think it’s time for me to pay you. So ——”“Come and kiss me! Remember, twice!”***bonus chapter