There was originally a five hundred word long plot of Su Mingyuan and Xiao Ruoruo kissing in the car. Unfortunately, they were locked in a small dark room.In order to ensure a smooth plot, I could only delete this part and reissue it.Everyone, please be more understanding. Thank you.…………Xia Xueqi’s office, 27th floor, Xuanmei Building.Xia Xueqi stood at the door with her hand on the doorknob.When she thought about how she would have to face the ugly man who had been killed by her once, and how she had no choice but to show him a kind attitude in order to win him over, she felt disgusted.Just like Xiao Ruoruo and Su Mingyuan, she had just returned from her rebirth a few days ago.After being reborn, she quickly decided on the same plan as Mingyuan.While trying her best to maintain the plot where Su Mingyuan appeared, she would try her best to kill the protagonist of this world, Xiao Ran, before he faced his death!But this was very difficult, very difficult.Because in her previous life, Su Mingyuan had already died. At that time, she and the other female leads no longer had any worries. However, they still used all their strength to plot and kill Xiao Ran.In this life, she wanted to ensure that Su Mingyuan’s storyline would not go wrong and that she would not require help of the other female leads. At this moment, she had not yet completely taken control of the Xia family and did not have much power to use.Trying to kill the protagonist of the world, Xiao Ran, under such conditions was simply impossible.However, she did not intend to give up.She would never accept the fate of this arrangement!Since she had already killed Xiao Ran once, she could do it a second time!At that time, she thought that she was the only one who had been reborn.Until today, she saw an unexpected person appear beside Su Mingyuan.Xiao Ruoruo.At that moment, she was shocked.What followed was a little relief and more pressure.The relief came from the fact that if her guess was correct, in this life, she could continue to work with the other female leads to kill Xiao Ran. The burden on her shoulders was much lighter.The pressure came from…In her previous life, because Su Mingyuan was already dead, the two of them were closely united. Everyone was struggling to kill Xiao Ran.But now that everything had started over again, it meant that everything had a chance to be remedied. They had a chance to make up for the debt and regret they had owed Su Mingyuan, and even become his lifelong partner…Xia Xueqi had thought that after she killed Xiao Ran, as her fiancée, she would be able to marry Su Mingyuan and love him for the rest of her life.But now, if they were reborn…Thinking of the fierce competition that was highly likely to occur in the future, especially when she saw Xiao Ruoruo appear beside Su Mingyuan, she even thought what advantage had she taken?Xia Xueqi’s mood was abnormally bad.At that time, her murderous gaze was not directed at Su Mingyuan but at Xiao Ruoruo, who was standing behind him silently watching the show.‘No, I have to find an opportunity to go to Su Mingyuan’s house to see if that girl Xiao Ruoruo really took advantage of him…I can’t let her run away by herself!’But…Everything had to be done before Xiao Ran’s problem was solved.Although she knew that according to the plot, she shouldn’t have fired Xiao Ran. She should have kept him by her side. Otherwise, she would have destroyed the next series of plots related to Su Mingyuan.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comBut she really didn’t want to see this damned man appear in front of her for a second.In order for today’s plot to appear, she had been suppressing her disgust for the past two days, letting Xiao Ran wander by her side.However, she couldn’t stand the fact that this man would be her bodyguard for the next few months.So, at the end of the plot, she fired him without hesitation.Of course, she had already thought of a way to remedy it.However, the moment she thought of the fake performance that was about to be performed in front of Xiao Ran, the feeling of disgust grew stronger.At this moment, she stood at the door of her office and took a deep breath. She suppressed the disgust in her heart and opened the door.Xiao Ran had been waiting inside for a long time. When he saw her enter, he could not help but ask her.Why did she go back on her word and betray him!“Xiao Ran, I’ve let you down today.”However, the first sentence she said when she walked in had extinguished most of the anger in Xiao Ran’s heart.He had never thought that Xia Xueqi would have such an attitude. He did not expect her ice-cold face to show an apology for him.Seeing the apologetic and submissive attitude on her face, Xiao Ran suddenly felt that perhaps Xia Xueqi had fired him due to some unknown reason?Xia Xueqi sat down on her chair and took a sip of the hot tea the secretary handed to her. Her expression relaxed a little and her cold eyes were gentle as she spoke to him.“I didn’t mean to fire you, but I didn’t expect Xia Chengquan to suddenly step forward to speak for Su Mingyuan. This way, I’ve fended both him and Su Mingyuan at the same time to protect you.”“Protect… Me?”The anger in Xiao Ran’s heart completely disappeared at this moment. He looked at Xia Xueqi’s gentle eyes and knew that he seemed to have misjudged her. The anger on his face also disappeared and he quietly waited for her explanation.“Because if I didn’t fire you, Xia Chengquan will hold a grudge against you because of this. He will think that I hit him in the face just to stand up for you and he will put the blame on you.”“I fired you in front of everyone and mocked you for thinking that I was standing up for you because I wanted him to know that the slap on his face had nothing to do with you. I didn’t want to stand up for you, but to suppress him. That’s why I made him lose all his face in front of everyone.”“In this way, he will only hold a grudge against me and will not use the Xia Family’s power to find someone to hurt you in private.” Xia Xueqi spoke calmly.Her expression was still cold, but her eyes were a little gentler.After hearing her explanation, Xiao Ran raised his head and looked at her. It was as if he could see through her cold face, and see a soft and tender heart.He was both excited and touched. “So you’re saying that ……”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Yes, what I said back then was a lie. I specifically stood up for you and hit their faces in front of everyone.”When he heard this, he felt a deep passion from the bottom of his heart.Seeing Xia Xueqi’s beautiful and cold face, a faint and very shallow smile evoked on his face.His heart, which had never been warmed by anyone after spending so many years abroad, was beating wildly at this moment.***