‘Disgusting!’‘How disgusting!’‘It was simply disgusting!’Xia Xueqi held the teacup in one hand and clenched her fist under the table with her other hand. Her nails were deeply embedded in her flesh.If she didn’t do this, she would have to suffer and stay awake.She was afraid that she would not be able to hold on to her current disguise, and pour the teacup in her hand onto Xiao Ran’s face.Fortunately, Xiao Ran had been deceived by her disguise and was even mesmerised.“President Xia ……”“Call me Xueqi.” Xia Xueqi cut him off coldly.‘Ah!’‘So disgusting!’‘I’m about to puke!’Xia Xueqi’s nails sunk into the flesh, almost drawing out blood.However, when Xiao Ran heard this, joy suddenly flashed across his face. His heartbeat unconsciously increased a little.“Xueqi, actually, you don’t have to be so worried about me.”He immediately shouted her name, and confidently said, “You might think that I’m just an ordinary person with extraordinary skills, but my skills are far beyond what ordinary people can understand.”“Besides, I’m not alone. My brother who is abroad will come to help me in a few days. If Xia Chengquan really dares to touch me, I will let him know that he has offended someone he can’t afford to offend!”As he spoke, he broke the armrest of the chair in front of Xia Xueqi. Under Xia Xueqi’s surprised gaze, the metal armrest in Xiao Ran’s hand turned into powder in an instant.“You… It shouldn’t be a magic trick, right?”Seeing Xia Xueqi’s doubtful gaze, Xiao Ran looked like a boy eager to prove himself in front of the girl he loved.“Xueqi, really, believe me. I’m not boasting. ‘I wonder if you’ve ever heard of the name Viper. He’s one of my brothers, and I’ve had a life-and-death relationship with him.”“Viper?” Xia Xueqi furrowed her brows and thought for a moment before asking, “The one in the 70th rank on the world assassin rankings?”“Yes, it’s him!”Xia Xueqi looked at Xiao Ran with different light.“Xiao Ran, I didn’t expect you to bring me such a surprise.”Xiao Ran felt that Xia Xueqi was paying more attention to him.He didn’t know why, there had been many women abroad who had seduced him, but he was unmoved and thought about returning to China to avenge his parents.But at this moment, Xia Xueqi’s frown and smile easily moved his heart.In the past, he had never believed that love at first sight existed.But ever since he had saved Xia Xueqi from a hooligan a few days ago, the moment he first saw her.Her exceptional beauty and unique temperament attracted his attention.Now, he believed.He felt that there was a fate between him and Xia Xueqi, that fate was destined for them to come together.“Xueqi, don’t worry. If Xia Chengquan does target me, I will let my brother teach him a lesson.” Xiao Ran’s address was becoming more and more friendly.He did not know that a trace of blood had been formed on Xia Xueqi’s tightly clenched fist under the table as she spoke to herself.“Who told him to jump out today and defy your reputation? You’ve come out today for me, so I’ll stand up for you too!”“Xiao Ran, thank you. I’m sure you’ve seen my predicament in the Xia family today. Although I’m the eldest daughter of the head of the family, I’m too outstanding and have been suppressed by the family. The family has always wanted to marry me off with that trash Su Mingyuan.”“I want to fight. I refuse to accept the arrangement of the family and accept this fate. So I chose to start my own business, trying to create another world. But as you can see, even this company that I started, they wanted someone like Xia Chengquan to come and make things difficult for me ……”Xia Xueqi’s voice was low as she spoke, and her eyes revealed a kind of softness that no one had ever seen before.This trace of weakness was so heart-wrenching and intoxicating to Xiao Ran.Xia Xueqi, who had an imposing aura in the conference room that made everyone quiet, had actually revealed her feelings in front of him and revealed such a weak posture…Does this mean, does this mean…An unimaginable surprise suddenly washed over his head. He clearly knew that he shouldn’t be too happy at this time, but he still felt like his heart was about to flutter out.He quickly made a decision without thinking and said:“Xueqi, since the Xia family wants to oppress you and grasp your fate, I will help you overthrow it and control it!”“At that time, you don’t have to marry a piece of trash like Su Mingyuan. You can decide your own fate!”“Xiao Ran, it would be great if you could help me.”Xia Xueqi was a little touched but she quickly calmed down and her face returned to its usual cold calm. “But I don’t know if you’re telling the truth ……”Xiao Ran’s blood boiled and he shouted, “Xueqi, I’ll prove it to you. In three days, I’ll teach Xia Chengquan a lesson!”“I’m looking forward to it,” said Xia Xueqi calmly.Just as Xiao Ran was a little disappointed with her reaction, he suddenly heard Xia Xueqi say,“Xiao Ran, if you really prove that you have such an ability. In the future, for some banquets in this industry. I hope ……”At this point, she paused, causing Xiao Ran’s words to be filled with anticipation.“I hope… You can be my boyfriend.”‘Boyfriend…?’Xia Xueqi’s male companion!As soon as Xia Xueqi finished speaking, Xiao Ran’s breathing suddenly became hurried and excitement could not be suppressed on his face.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Okay! Xueqi, just wait and see how I perform!” He patted his chest and promised.He left Xia Xueqi and disappeared at the end of the corridor.He urgently hoped that his friends and brothers would rush to Mingjing to help him as soon as possible because he could not wait to see Xia Xueqi’s surprised and moved expression!By the time he left the office, Xia Xueqi’s expression and emotions were completely out of control.Pa pa!The teacup in her hand was smashed to the ground by her, and the tea mixed along with the broken porcelain cup scattered to the ground.And the palm of her left hand was already dripping with blood.The female secretary, who was waiting at the door, suddenly heard the commotion and cautiously walked in. When she saw the wound on her hand, she was shocked.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“President Xia, your hand ……”“It’s fine. I accidentally broke the teacup and cut my hand. You can go out first. We’ll find someone to clean up later.” Xia Xueqi spoke calmly.“Um…” The secretary stopped halfway and turned around. “Chairman Xia, the wound… Don’t you need to bandage it?”“Get out!”“…… Yes.”The secretary left.Xia Xue clenched her teeth and looked at the bleeding wound on her hand. She could not calm down for a long time.Although this was a plan that she had already planned, when she was performing, she was still so disgusted that she almost couldn’t control her expression.With her plan, although Xiao Ran had been fire by her, in order to ensure that the plot of Su Mingyuan’s line would proceed normally, she could not be hostile towards Xiao Ran.So, she decided to use a little trick. In this way, not only would she have a reason to bring Xiao Ran to the banquet as the plot of the novel, but she would also allow him to fight against the stubborn members of the Xia family who opposed her for her sake. She would let him help her take control of the Xia family in advance without losing any manpower.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comThe only ones who would suffer lose would be the Xia Family’s opposition and Xiao Ran’s power. She could sit on the sidelines and watch the battle. She could use Xiao Ran’s power to help her control the Xia Family and then turn it around to deal with Xiao Ran, who had lost some power.She didn’t need to feel sick because Xiao Ran appeared in front of her as a bodyguard all day long. She just needed to bring him out when the plot demanded.And to complete these plans, she only needed to use a little beauty…Using her beauty…Bang!Xia Xueqi couldn’t help punching the table and the wound on her left hand began to bleed again.Yes, she only needed to use her beauty to seduce Xiao Ran, even though she knew that this was the right thing to do.But when she truly acted, she finally felt that she was acting like that… Disgusting!It was so disgusting that she wanted to vomit!She actually deliberately displayed such a weak posture in front of Xiao Ran…She felt so uncomfortable that she couldn’t help but injure herself out of disgrace.In the past, she was not like this. In the past, she wouldn’t have suffered a violent emotional disturbance so easily just because she had given Xiao Ran a little temptation that couldn’t even be considered ambiguous. She would have never hurt herself over this.She was originally a cold and lonely iceberg, a dignified and awe-inspiring queen.However, ever since she learned the truth from the diary of her previous life, her heart had been burning with flames that wanted to burn everything.Not only for Xiao Ran, but also for herself.This kind of enticement towards Xiao Ran would only remind her of the person in her previous life who was controlled by the will of the world like a marionette, the person who liked Xiao Ran. Even though she had only occasionally given Xiao Ran a hint of ambiguity, she still maintained her innocence.But she still felt incomparably disgusted!She wanted to… burn everything, destroy everything!No, she really couldn’t stand acting like this in front of Xiao Ran.This ball of flame couldn’t be flourished.Today, she had to find Su Mingyuan to do something!However, there was one more important thing that had not been resolved.She closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and slowly exhaled the frustration in her heart.When she opened her eyes again, her cool and cold aura returned to her.She found the medical kit in her office and wrapped it in gauze before taking out her phone and calling Ruoruo’s personal number.If she hadn’t been reborn, she and her wouldn’t have crossed paths for the time being. She wouldn’t be able to find out the personal number no matter what.However, from the moment she saw Xiao Ruoruo, there was no need to hide it.This was because the shrewd and cunning Xiao Ruoruo must have found out about this before her.This woman didn’t even contact me when she was reborn. She knew that I would find something wrong after seeing Xiao Ruoruo, so she took the initiative to wait for me to call her?“Du…Du…Du ……”The call was answered.But no one said anything.Silence.The two women chose to be silent at the same time. The air was so quiet that they could only hear each other’s breathing.They were all waiting for him to speak first.In the end, Xiao Ruoruo sighed and spoke first.“Xueqi , today’s Mingyuan’s role… Is there a problem?”***[ADVANCED CHAPTERS: CLICK HERE]Special thanks to: ZeroLesson, NOPE YOU DON’T KNOW MY NAME,Louis Jacquet, Mervin Chong, Aiden Elliott, tspic, Fastus, RoyalReaper77, Avarco, Carlos morelos, Tennou Kazami, sabj00, Verv, Riot, Aeugh, Pyronis, mick2042, kirt jean, Roo, Ultimatecalibur, Hamza, Capzlawk Nguyen,okmangeez,Carbonizer, Matt M, mr cool, Andrés Salinas,Janne Valkila,Steve Sifuentes, Sam Avila, Chubby Slime, Top Keki, Dustin Perkett, Bluebeetle, Dies Irae, Dylan Beniga, YeehawPerson, Baamz, Anaku Senko, Jalen Smith, AXDAN, Josue Chinchilla Cortes, Reece Phothirath, I Your Father, Naphat❤❤❤