In the Rolls Royce’s back seat.“Brother Mingyuan, it’s too intense. I… I… Spare me…” Xiao Ruoruo’s face turned red as she mumbled.Su Mingyuan had fulfilled his promise. She was really suffocating from the kiss.“You were the one who took the initiative. How can you say that you can’t?” Su Mingyuan would not let go.It was difficult for him to say so much while kissing.“Of course, it’s fine if you want me to let you go, unless Ruoruo calls me… Master!”Su Mingyuan revealed his final fangs.He wanted to hear Ruoruo call him that as he pressed her under his body and kissed her while making her call him master. Especially when he thought of her identity as Xiao Ran’s sister.This feeling was really…It was really wonderful!As for being punished for infringing on the female lead by deducting his villain value?System, you saw it with your own eyes. It was Ruoruo who took the initiative. I was in a passive position!Under the situation where Su Mingyuan was even more unwilling to retreat, Xiao Ruoruo could not endure it anymore. In the end, her face was still flushed red, and her wet eyes closed shyly as she called out.“Master… Master ……”Su Mingyuan was instantly elated. He felt satisfied from the bottom of his heart!He felt great!It was only then that he let go of her. He even felt that his originally depressed and despairing mood had suddenly recovered.However, when he saw Xiao Ruoruo’s charming face flushed red from the kiss, he knew that he was not satisfied.Just two kisses, how could she do that?#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comThe current Ruoruo made people want to bully her even more!“Does Brother Mingyuan still want to kiss me?”Sensing his gaze, Xiao Ruoruo shyly and bravely raised her little face, “It’s not impossible, as long as… as long as ……”“Just say what?” Su Mingyuan asked anxiously.“As long as…” Xiao Ruoruo’s two fingers shyly pointed at each other, but her eyes were fixed on him. A trace of excitement flashed through her eyes, “As long as Big Brother Mingyuan calls me once too… Master!”‘Me calling you Master?’Su Mingyuan’s burning desire instantly cooled down.‘Ruoruo, you are really naive.’‘You want me, Su Mingyuan, to call you Master just to get your kiss?’‘Sorry, I, Su Mingyuan, can not do such a thing!’Even at this moment, Ruoruo looked so charming and alluring, and every single pore on her body oozed with infinite charm.‘But!’‘I, Su Mingyuan, won’t submit to you just for the sake of your beauty.’‘Hmph!’‘If you don’t kiss me, won’t Young Master Su find another woman to kiss?’Su Mingyuan took out his phone and opened the mysterious software that he had downloaded last night.Later, he would go and chat with Little Sister!Xiao Ruoruo was at a loss when she saw Su Mingyuan sitting on the side in anger.She still remembered the first time he kissed her in his office and pressed her down.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comShe liked being bullied by him, but she also wanted to bully him occasionally. She wanted to see how embarrassed and angry he was when she teased him…What she wanted to see was not Su Mingyuan’s angry expression.In fact, if it was someone else who had a closer relationship with Su Mingyuan, perhaps he would be hot-blooded and agree to it.But even if Xiao Ruoruo and him could already be said to have been painted like glue, once she thought of her identity.When she thought of how she wanted him to call Xiao Ran’s sister his masterThat was right, Su Mingyuan had no choice but to be a villain who had been slapped in the face by Xiao Ran.He would even be very happy every time he was successfully slapped in the face by Xiao Ran, because he had earned a lot of villains.However, this didn’t mean that he would have to take the initiative to endure this humiliation at a time when he didn’t need to play a part in the drama!Xia Xueqi was right.Her identity was always the last and most difficult hurdle between Xiao Ruoruo and Su Mingyuan.Unfortunately, the current Xiao Ruoruo had yet to understand this question.At that moment.“Dong, dong, dong ……”Someone knocked on the car window.Xiao Ruoruo rolled down the window and looked at the person outside in surprise.“Brother! You… Why are you here?”“I saw Su Mingyuan’s car parked here, so I came to see you. Right, Ruoruo, your face… Why are you so red?”Xiao Ran looked at his sister’s flushed face doubtfully.There was still a trace of aftertaste on her face, and the water in her eyes was sparkling and moist. It was difficult not to arouse any bad thoughts.“Nothing, Brother, it’s just… It’s just that the weather is too hot, the air conditioning in the car isn’t high enough…” Xiao Ruoruo nervously pinched the corner of her clothes and her brain almost blacklashed on the spot.She did not expect Xiao Ran to appear at this moment!“It’s really just… It’s too hot?” Xiao Ran looked at her suspiciously, and spier into the car.“Yes… Yes, why would I lie to you…” Xiao Ruoruo forced a smile on her face.In the back row of the Rolls Royce, Su Mingyuan was sitting far away from Xiao Ruoruo because of what had just happened. He was feeling bored.His appearance in Xiao Ran’s eyes instantly dispelled the doubts in his heart.If Su Mingyuan had really done something bad to Ruoruo, how could he sit so far away and still have a bad face?‘Really, what am I thinking!’Xiao Ran angrily slapped himself in the heart.‘How could I think like that? Ruoruo is willing to hide at the side of a scoundrel like Su Mingyuan for me, yet I still suspect her.’‘Su Mingyuan was impotent. He can’t do anything. What the hell is going on?!’Xiao Ran completely believed Xiao Ruoruo’s words.As expected, the weather was too hot, causing Ruoruo’s face to turn slightly red. He looked up and saw that the sun was very bright today.“Brother, you… Is there anything else you need me for?”Xiao Ran looked at Su Mingyuan’s stinky face in the car. While he was in a good mood, he was afraid that Su Mingyuan would vent his anger on his sister later because he had been talking to Ruoruo for too long.Last night, Ruoruo called him again, saying that she and Su Mingyuan had made an agreement.In front of outsiders, she wanted to give Su Mingyuan face and let people know that he wasn’t as good as him.In her daily life, Su Mingyuan would not molest her and torture her. She just needed to be a secretary.Seeing this scene, Xiao Ran really believed in this agreement. He believed that if she stayed at Su Mingyuan’s villa, he would not be harmed.So he smiled and shook his head.“It’s fine. I just came to see if you’re okay and if you’ve been abused,” He said. “Seeing that you’re fine, I’m relieved. Ruoruo, I’ll leave first.”“Goodbye, brother.” Xiao Ruoruo waved her hand and watched his back disappear into the distance, letting out a sigh of relief.“Brother Mingyuan, where are we going next?” she asked.Su Mingyuan reached out and pressed a button on the seat. The opaque black soundproof window between the front and back rows dropped down.He had already picked a tall and innocent-looking little sister from the app and made an appointment to meet her.They had lunch, tea, and some exercise.Thus, he instructed the driver, “First send Ruoruo back to the villa to rest, and then you can send me to another place later.”“Eh? Don’ t you need me to follow you, Brother Mingyuan?” Xiao Ruoruo tilted her head.“No, just stay at home.”Xiao Ruoruo’s cute act did not change Su Mingyuan’s mind.He put away his phone and thought to himself:‘Hmph!’‘Ruoruo, you must let me call you Master to let me eat, right?’‘No need!’‘Not only do I not need to call someone else master, I can also make them call me master while being willingly eaten by me.’‘Just regret it!’***