Just a moment ago, Su Mingyuan’s smile was so carefree, but now his face has morphed into shock and bewilderment.He never imagined that he, Su Mingyuan, a man of dignity, would be unable to free himself from a woman’s grip!‘Xia Xueqi is surprisingly… stronger than me?!’He took a peek. Xia Xueqi’s face was as frigid as ever. He found himself just barely able to keep smiling.“You… will you let me go?”“What do you think?” Xia Xueqi asked back with a cold smile.This divine skill is worthy of being the protagonist, Xiao Ran’s exclusive skill. She had only practiced it for a few days, but she’s already exceeded the bounds of regular humans even when it’s only at the early stages.Moreover, she was certain that Su Mingyuan, no matter the level of his current cultivation, would never show strength beyond that of normal people to her, the protagonist, lest he endangers his role as the villain.Because according to the novel, he shouldn’t know any martial arts. If he wanted to use his skills, he’d have to don a full body disguise, like he did in his previous life.So, as long as she takes action, Su Mingyuan will be helpless to flee–no matter how desperately he may struggle!Though, Xia Xueqi never suspected that Su Mingyuan still had no cultivation even after all this time.After all, it’s only the second day of his second week after transmigrating.He didn’t even think about practicing cultivation in the beginning.He also thought that he could get by with just his godly acting skills, which he further honed during his performances in the first week. He had probably earned thousands of villain and strengthening points already, at least that was what she had expected.‘Why would he even bother practicing cultivation when he could simply enhance his realm by purchasing stuff from the system store?’‘He could have simply spent 5000 strengthening points to purchase ‘Ten Years of True Qi’, which was possible even at this early stage of the novel. From the beginning, he was never a match for Xiao Ran anyway, so did he decide to just casually go about things?’She never expected that his two previous performances, which were both defeats, had only earned him 400 strengthening points in total, and that purchasing even the 500 point [Radiant Jade One Year of True Qi (Permanent)] was out of the question.If he really wanted to, he could have broken free from Xia Xueqi’s grasp by buying the [Radiant Jade Ten Years of True Qi (One-day Duration)] buff, which only costs 100 points and was extremely cheap.But of course, he wouldn’t do that.“Mingyuan. Here in this restaurant, you and I have the same status. Although, even though both our bodyguards are absent, I have one thing that’s above you.”Xia Xueqi smiled and said in an undeniable tone, “I’m stronger than you!”“If I don’t let you go, you won’t be going anywhere!”Shame!Utter humiliation!‘I was thinking that I could finally raise my head and take revenge against this wicked woman, but…’‘Who would have thought that he, Su Mingyuan, had lost to a woman in strength and is being taken advantage of.’Since he had no choice but to shamefully concede…And there was no way to escape… Why not just enjoy himself?Don’t just look on the bad side.Now that he thought of it, how many people in the world could compare with Xia Xueqi’s status, looks or temperament?How many men have dreamed of dating her?Su Mingyuan does indeed have remarkable adaptability to any situation. He will never succumb to defeat.“Okay, I’m not leaving anymore. Can you let go now?Only when he said this did Xia Xueqi let go of his hand and sat back down.Su Mingyuan massaged his wrist that Xia Xueqi had gripped. He was going to sit opposite her when she stopped him.“That’s not where you should sit,” she said as she drew back her arms and raised her chin slightly towards the vacant seat beside her.“This is where you should.”Su Mingyuan could only relent and sit right next to her, keeping a few inches away.Displeased at the gap between them, Xia Xueqi frowned and ordered, “Come closer!”Su Mingyuan moved his butt a little closer, but there was still a little gap between them.“Closer!”This time, there was a hint of impatience in her voice.‘You asked for this!’Su Mingyuan decided to do what she asked and stuck so close to her that their legs met and shoulders touched. Su Mingyuan could simply reach out his hand and grasp her thighs, while she could just as easily touch his face with her hands.The two were as close as they’ve ever been.When their bodies touched, Su Mingyuan noticed that Xia Xueqi was so uncomfortable that she bit her lips slightly. A faint blush also appeared on her ice-cold face.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comSeeing this scene, he almost laughed out loud.Huh?! She only liked to talk big, but as soon as I leaned over, this is what happened?In the end, he really did laugh out loud. When Xia Xueqi took out her phone, he sneered.“Xia Xueqi, it seems that your Xia family really put a lot of pressure on you this time, enough that you’d devised this scenario so you could take pictures to prove our closeness to appease them? Why aren’t you taking pictures already?!”Xia Xueqi had indeed taken out her phone to take pictures, though it wasn’t to appease her family, but to…She glanced out the window towards the quiet lake and the willows on its bank, guessing that Su Xuelan should be hiding behind one of them, ready to surprise her.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comBut really, even if she’s not there, isn’t it a good time to take pictures?She turned her head towards Su Mingyuan, and smiled lightly, “Correction, Mingyuan. You should be calling me Xueqi now.”“Also, you’re right. I am being forced to do this by my family. Guys like you, with empty bellies and empty heads, shouldn’t mistake my actions as me liking you, but…She tidied a loose strand of hair while she was brushing her hair with her fingers. She looked at Su Mingyuan with a strange expression.“I almost mistook you for the wrong person because of your uncharacteristic behavior. From what I know of you, if I told you I wanted to date because my family was pressuring me, you would have never decided to leave.”“Instead, an evil seducer like you should have immediately become ecstatic, even laughing maniacally at my plight. You’d even start to take advantage of me by threatening to tattle on me to my family if I didn’t agree to your every whim.”“From what I know about you, this should have been your response, right? Mingyuan?”‘That’s right!’ Suddenly, the smile on Su Mingyuan’s face froze, and he felt his whole body had fallen into ice.‘This bitch is too smart and cunning.’‘Just from the few willful decisions I made had triggered her to suspect that I wasn’t the same villainous ‘Su Mingyuan’ from the novel…’The feeling of being seen through really was nerve-racking.At that moment, Su Mingyuan had realized that he should have been much more careful from the start.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comEven if the plot has shifted, in front of the female protagonist, he should’ve maintained his usual guise.This incident might even cause a bigger deviation! Resulting in him needing to put in more energy to fix it!And with Xia Xueqi looking at him suspiciously, he suddenly got a premonition from his heart…‘Forget about pretending everything will be alright… It seems I made things… worse?’