‘Su Xuelan… must be fuming right now, right?’Still at the restaurant, Xia Xueqi gazed at the lake with one leg gracefully crossed over the other.‘Even if she didn’t peek at our kissing scene just now, she must have been livid when she smelled the scent I left on Mingyuan. ‘‘Hehe! Su Xuelan, if you want to use me, Xia Xueqi, as a stepping stone to deepen your relationship with your brother, I’m afraid you’ve found the wrong person.’Her finger hovered on a photo album on her phone, reluctant to slide away. Even if she had already seen these photos countless times, she couldn’t get enough of them.‘Such a joyous occasion, should of course be shared with her good friend, Su Xuelan, right?’‘However, there’s no need to rush. No need to send these to her right now.’‘I’ll let her stew for a bit.’‘After she’s had her time to ruminate about her successfully breaking the relationship between Mingyuan and I, I’ll send these photos as a fatal strike!The temperature of the coffee in her cup had just become right as the sun shone brightly outside the window, and the wind was making the willows sway. Everything had gone so smoothly and beautifully today.She had begun to anticipate what her next date with Su Mingyuan would be like.‘Yes. Just like this. Under the pretext of being pressured by my family, I’ll keep on making opportunities to go on dates with Mingyuan, again and again, as well as getting more and more intimate with him.’‘After every date, I’ll slowly “discover” that Su Mingyuan was different from what I imagined.’‘I would slowly discover his good points, little by little. The hidden side under all his arrogance or domineeringness. My impression of him will gradually change.’‘And the intimate contact with him would also gradually change from downright rejection, to reluctant dissatisfaction, to acquiescence, then to acceptance, and finally even eagerness after every date.’‘And I’ll also gradually shift my attitude towards him from arrogance and disdain to that of surprise, appreciation and recognition.’‘Boiling a frog in warm water.’This was Xia Xueqi’s strategy.Similar to Xiao Ruoruo, Su Xuelan had immediately acted so friendly towards Su Mingyuan that it was really too shocking of a contrast compared to their original personalities.Although it might spice things up a bit, it had undoubtedly sown a seed of fear and doubt in his heart instead.She herself liked to deter people with her icy personality, but her plan would have her spend time with Mingyuan to slowly show him a gradual shift of her attitude toward him, from the initial disgust, to slowly realizing his good points, and finally falling in love with him.This was her ultimate strategy!This natural method would not let Mingyuan have any doubts to her authenticity, while increasing his favorability of her in the most reliable way, inevitably conquering him in the end!Not to mention…She didn’t believe the stark contrast between her contempt of him at first to her unwitting falling in love with him in the end, would not be able to tempt Su Mingyuan!Inside the Rolls-Royce.Su Xuelan secretly hid the killing intent in her eyes as she continued to hug Mingyuan tightly before saying, “Mingyuan, that hag, Xia Xueqi, really did such an awful thing to you, so I will definitely avenge you and settle accounts with her!”“Sis, there’s no need. Talking about revenge… I’ve already evened the score between us just now.” Shaking his head as he said this, Su Mingyuan also got out of her embrace.Su Xuelan’s inexplicable kindness to him right now made him realize how different she was compared to last week.But with them being siblings and hugging so tightly, he couldn’t help but feel a bit… uncomfortable.Because he regarded Su Xuelan as his sister, and not merely Xiao Ran’s woman.Besides, how could he allow two heroines to fight each other like this which may cause even the plotline to collapse even more?“Are you sure, Mingyuan?”Su Xuelan asked softly, though she hid one of her hands she was balling into a fist behind her.‘Damn Xia Xueqi! What the hell did you and Mingyuan do there?!’“Yes, I’m sure. Sis, you’re already so busy taking care of the family’s business everyday, so stop minding these trivial things, because they aren’t worth it.”“Trivial? Not worth it?!”Su Xuelan failed to stop herself from frenziedly holding Su Mingyuan’s face as she declared, “Mingyuan, you are my dearest, most beloved brother! How could it ever be a trivial matter when you are wronged?!”“Things like power, wealth, and the family businesses are all things we strive to develop and expand, but isn’t it all to let our family live a better and happier life?”“How could I choose the method over the objective? How could I ignore you being bullied while tending the family business?!”Having a closer look at Su Xuelan’s face, Su Mingyuan truly felt at a loss for the first time.‘Su Xuelan… why would she treat me so nicely and be this concerned?’‘However, isn’t it only natural for a sister to care for and be nice to her brother?’Su Mingyuan’s heart was a little shaken.He should have treated Su Xuelan as Xiao Ran’s woman from the very beginning, indifferently exploiting her concern for him to achieve his plans to fix the plotline.But at this very moment, he came face to face with Su Xuelan’s sincere concern.His heart began to shake.He wasn’t a good person, but he never felt like a particularly bad one either.Whoever treats him well, he’ll treat them well in return. He knew of this simple principle and adhered to it.He couldn’t excuse Su Xuelan as just Xiao Ran’s woman anymore.“Sister…”“Yes?”Su Mingyuan looked into her eyes and embarrassedly muttered,  “Thank you… for the concern.”Hearing him talk to her sincerely, and seeing his awkward display of gratitude, Su Xuelan felt on top of the clouds! All her anger dissipated.Just as planned! Great success!Her brows relaxed and she smiled as she rubbed Su Mingyuan’s hair, “Silly boy! You’re my favorite little brother, so who else would I care for if not you?!”Her mood was very good right now as it was the first time Su Minyuan had sincerely called her “sister”. The first time is always special.This meant that the originally cold relationship between her and Mingyuan had taken a solid step towards the right direction!Even if it’s still only the feelings of a little brother for an older sister…But…Will it always stay that way?Ring!Right then, her phone suddenly rang.Su Xuelan casually picked up her phone to look, but upon seeing its contents, her expression immediately changed. The photos on display immediately kicked her out of cloud nine.“Sis, what’s wrong?” Su Mingyuan asked suspiciously.Su Xuelan looked thoroughly rattled as she tried to forcefully smile as she replied to Su Mingyuan, “No-nothing! It’s just a small matter with one of the projects of the company. I’ll deal with it when I get back.”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comInside the restaurant.Xia Xueqi put down the coffee cup in her hand and picked up her phone.‘Calculating the time, now should be good, right?’She clicked on the chat app that was already set to send over photos of her blushing as she was being hugged by Mingyuan. ‘Su Xuelan, my friend, it’s time to wake up from your dream!’Drrt!Drrt!Drrt!And at that very same moment, her phone suddenly vibrated as someone had just sent three messages in a row.Xiao Ran: [Xueqi, I’ve already found someone to investigate Xia Chengquan’s schedule and places he’s frequented.]Xiao Ran: [And if everything goes well, in three days, no in two days…]Xiao Ran: [I can give you a surprise!]Xia Xueqi: [Then I will look forward to it.]She replied to Xiao Ran’s message with a bit of disgust. She closed the chat box with Xiao Ran without batting an eyelid, before she clicked on Su Xuelan’s name to send her the photos.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comFortunately, she was fairly meticulous, otherwise her surprise for her good friend, Su Xuelan, would have turned into a shocked Xiao Ran.It would have been a bit troublesome for her to explain.***