The first moment Su Xuelan saw a picture sent by Xia Xueqi, it was as if she had finally seen the sun in the middle of the winter. She was about to go out to bask in the sun, but as soon as she went out, she was thrown cold water on her head.A chill instantly went from her head to foot.In the photo, Su Mingyuan had a mischievous smile on his face, and Xia Xueqi was in his arms, appearing shy.Anyone would think that this was a fight between a shy couple.However, Su Xuelan could only see Xia Xueqi’s naked provocation!This picture was accompanied by a message from Xia Xueqi.[Sister Lan, today is my first date with my fiance.][I hugged him just like that.][Do you think it would be a little…][Not too reserved?][Shy.jpg]This was the first time in her life that Xia Xueqi had taken the initiative to address her as Sister Lan. However, the provocation in her voice caused Su Xuelan to tighten her grip on her phone and pant in rage.‘Yes, if she became Mingyuan’s wife, shouldn’t she call me sister?’Xia Xueqi’s intention to be her sister-in-law was obvious to everyone!She took a deep breath and forcefully suppressed the anger in her heart.In front of Mingyuan, she had to be gentle, dignified and elegant. She could not let him see her flustered image.“Mingyuan, have you ever heard of a saying? The more beautiful a woman is, the more she will deceive people.”“Sis, what do you mean by saying this all of a sudden?” Su Mingyuan looked at her in confusion.Su Xuelan pulled him by the hand as if she was afraid that her brother would be deceived. She gently pinched his face and said earnestly, “Mingyuan, some beautiful women suddenly treated you well. It wasn’t because she liked you or was tempted by you. The more beautiful a woman is, the better she is at disguising herself, and the more skilled she is at scheming. Don’t let them fool you.”Su Mingyuan nodded. “Sis, I know!”‘Wasn’t that Ruoruo?’‘Although she has changed a bit compared to the previous week, there is a deviation from the original novel.’‘But she would rather sacrifice her beauty to become my secretary. Wasn’t it just to become an undercover agent for Xiao Ran?’‘Of course, I won’t be fooled by her!’Seeing Su Mingyuan nodding in understanding, Su Xuelan heaved a sigh of relief.It seemed that Mingyuan had listened to me.This way, no matter how good Xia Xueqi was to Mingyuan and tried to improve his impression of him, these actions would be treated by Mingyuan as if she had ulterior motives. She successfully planted a seed of suspicion in his heart.‘Heh, Little Lang wants to snatch Mingyuan away from me?’‘Do you know that I am his sister?’‘As long as the relationship between us brother and sister goes further, do you think he would be more willing to listen to my words or your words?’‘After all, I am his family. I can’t harm him. He must be biassed towards me mentally.’‘My good sister, with me by Mingyuan’s side, you won’t have a chance.’Thinking of this, Su Xuelan smiled.Inside the restaurant.Xia Xueqi estimated the time and clicked on Su Xuelan’s avatar. With a teasing smile, she sent out the next photo.Ding dong.Su Xuelan’s phone rang again.It was undoubtedly a message from Xia Xueqi.[Right, Sister Lan, speaking of restraint…][In fact, I couldn’t help but give my first kiss to my fiancé.][Look.][Kiss Photo. JPG][At that time, I was really ashamed to death!][But…][I feel very happy and sweet.][Sister Lan, as my good sister.][I shared this joy with you, hoping to get your blessing.][Shyness. jpg][Looking forward. jpg]In an instant, the smile on Su Xuelan’s face turned into an endless anger.Xia Xueqi took out the dagger and gave her a fatal blow!The magnified picture and provocative words were like knives stabbing into Su Xuelan’s heart. She nearly blew her lungs out!However, she still remembered to be dignified and elegant in front of her younger brother.A woman always wanted to maintain her perfect image in front of the man she liked.Even though she was furious, she still resisted the urge to kill. She turned around and smiled apologetically at Su Mingyuan.“Mingyuan, there’s something urgent at work for me to handle. I’ll get out of the car first.”“Okay, sis, take care.”Su Mingyuan said goodbye to Su Xuelan. When he saw her walk out of the Rolls Royce and get into her car, he instructed the driver in the front row, “Go home.”When the engine started, the Rolls Royce seemed to be riding on the wind. It roared and disappeared from sight.However, Su Xuelan didn’t leave.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comShe wanted to find someone who provoked her and angered her!When she saw Su Mingyuan leave her sight, she immediately opened the car door and angrily walked into the restaurant.However, Xia Xueqi had disappeared from the dining room.On her seat, there was a cup of cold coffee and a note that had been specially left for her.Su Xuelan, do you like the surprise I gave you?However, I’m sorry to tell you that in the future, you might have to get used to facing such a pleasant surprise.Because no matter how you secretly schemed against me, no matter how much you and Mingyuan improved your relationship.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comYou are just her sister.And I am her fiancée.I can kiss him openly.Su Xuelan.Can you do it?At this moment, Su Xuelan quickly grabbed the note and threw it angrily into the trash basket.As for her expression.It was ashen.“Kissing…Kissing… Who said I can’t do it?”“Sister kissing her younger brother and expressing her concern to him… This is also… It’s very normal, isn’t it?”………………By the time Su Mingyuan returned to his villa, it was already 1 PM.He felt very hungry after not having lunch. His stomach was already protesting against him.He just grabbed some cold food from the fridge.Su Mingyuan thought to himself as he walked through the entrance and into the dining room.In the restaurant.The huge table was already filled with food.Xiao Ruoruo was sitting at the dining table, her hand supporting her chin as she looked out of the window in boredom. Her calves were suspended in the air, swaying gently.The moment she saw Su Mingyuan walk in from outside, her eyes suddenly lit up.“Brother Mingyuan, have you had lunch? You said you had something urgent to take care of, I didn’t dare to disturb you, and I didn’t know if you would come back for lunch, but I thought in case you didn’t eat, I couldn’t let you come home hungry too.”“Cuckoo~”Su Mingyuan’s stomach just made a sound at this moment.“Ah, brother Mingyuan, you really haven’t had time to eat, so my preparations will come in handy.”Ruoruo jumped out of the chair cheerfully, picked up a plate of dishes and walked into the kitchen.“By the way, the dishes are a little cold. I’ll take them in the microwave to heat them up. Brother Mingyuan, sit on the chair and wait for me for a while.”Seeing this scene, Su Mingyuan only felt that his heart was suddenly touched by something.He watched Ruoruo, like a virtuous little wife, walking into the kitchen with cold food to warm it up, and a series of complex emotions arose in his heart.But at this moment, Su Xuelan’s advice to him in the car suddenly echoed in his ears.[Mingyuan, some beautiful women would suddenly show you love, it’s not that she fell in love with you or her heart moved by you.][The more beautiful women are, the better they are at disguising and the more scheming they are. You must not be deceived by them.]At this moment, he suddenly broke out in a cold sweat, and his heart was full of fear.‘Fortunately, my sister’s words woke me up, otherwise I would have been deceived by Ruoruo’s disguise!’‘I didn’t expect you, Ruoruo, last week, you were so pure and kind, and this week you learned to act in front of me, right?’***