Su Mingyuan patted his chest in fear as he looked at Xiao Ruoruo who had brought out food from the kitchen, and his expression changed.He thought that he was already an expert in acting.He did not expect that Ruoruo’s motive for this week would be no weaker than his!#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comIf he had not known that she was Xiao Ran’s undercover agent, and if his sister had not reminded him, he would have been moved and lost in the warm atmosphere that Ruoruo had created.Fortunately, he woke up in time!Su Xuelan would never have thought that the words she used to provoke Xia Xueqi and Su Mingyuan’s feelings did not work on Xia Xueqi. Instead, they worked on Ruoruo.At this moment, Su Mingyuan was sitting in a chair eating a hot meal. He saw Ruoruo holding her hands and smiling as she watched him eat. But, his heart did not move at all.‘Ruoruo, I have to admit that you acted very well. You acted very well. I couldn’t even see any flaws or signs of excessive force.’‘Your concern for me seems to be so sincere, and you even deliberately reflected it by waiting for me to return home to make me a meal. You tried to move me.’‘If I didn’t know the truth, I would have thought you really liked me.’‘But you didn’t expect that, did you?’‘I’ve already seen you tell Xiao Ran through the surveillance.’‘You can’t fool me!’‘It was really difficult for you. In order to win my trust, you actually pretended to be so concerned about me and even gave me a kiss.’‘Apart from accepting it, how else could I choose?’‘Actually, Ruoruo, you can do it more openly.’‘For example, if you let me touch other parts of your body and help you check your development, I promise I won’t refuse!’‘Not only will I not refuse, I will also give you more information that is beneficial to Xiao Ran and help your brother Xiao Ran take off quickly!’It just so happened that Ruoruo was watching him eat. He could take the opportunity to tell her about Xia Xueqi and let her tell Xiao Ran in private to bring the plot back on track.He did not expect her to speak before he spoke first.“Brother Mingyuan, do you think these dishes… Are they delicious?”“Yeah, it’s not bad. It’s quite delicious.” Su Mingyuan nodded.“That’s great.” Ruoruo revealed a happy expression and shook her head. “I was afraid that you’ll get used to the delicacies cooked by the chef and won’t be able to eat my dishes.”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“These are all… You did it?”Su Mingyuan was stunned for a moment. He lowered his head and realised that the dishes that he had eaten were all simple ordinary stir-fried dishes.So these were all made by Ruoruo herself.She really put in a lot of effort. Did she have to move him here?He raised his head and met Ruoruo’s happy smile. He immediately revealed a big smile at her.‘Ruoruo, even if I’m not moved by your false concern, I’m moved by your perfect acting skills.’‘You acted really well.’“Thank you. Ruoruo, these dishes have allowed me to taste something new that I wouldn’t normally be able to eat. They have a family flavour.”He gave a thumbs up.Xiao Ruoruo happily replied, “If Brother Mingyuan likes it, I can cook it for you every day!”‘That won’t do. According to the plot, you’ll have to realise your dream step by step with the help of Xiao Ran and Liu Meng Ning and become China’s most famous celebrity idol. How can you stay by my side and cook for me?’‘I wonder if you’d still be willing to give me benefits at that time.’“Thank you for your kindness, Ruoruo. Oh right, Ruoruo, do you know? Xia Xueqi, that arrogant woman who humiliated me and your brother this morning, is in a very bad situation.”In order to pass on the information to Xiao Ran as soon as possible, Su Mingyuan started talking about business.“As a member of the Xia family, she refused to listen to the family’s arrangements and marry me. She even humiliated me and her Third Uncle in front of so many people. However, as soon as she returned home, she was forced by the Xia family and she had no choice but to lower her head and meet me.”He patted his thigh and laughed.“Hahahaha! This woman seemed to think that she was amazing. In the end, under the pressure of the Xia family, wasn’t she terrified? In the morning, she still pointed at me and scolded me, but she came here to date me at noon. Don’t you think this is funny?”“Ah, something like this actually happened?” Ruoruo widened her eyes in surprise.But then, her expression became a little disappointed. “So what Brother Mingyuan is saying is that he’s going on a date with her ……”Su Mingyuan was at a loss when he heard her words.What is going on with this little girl? I’m talking about business!‘Shouldn’t you have heard from my words that Xia Xueqi was in an extremely difficult situation? Why are you worrying about my date with her?’He had no choice but to give her a more obvious reminder.“Xia Xueqi, that bad woman. She’s been betrayed by everyone and she’s only one step away from falling into the cliff. Right now, she must be in despair, as if she had fallen into boundless darkness, unable to see the slightest light.”“If someone suddenly appeared at this moment to help her, she would definitely be greatly grateful to him, and even become a ray of light for her. But just by thinking about it, I know that’s impossible. Who would have the guts to have nothing to do and get involved in the Xia family’s personal matters?”‘I’ve already made it so obvious. Ruoruo, you should understand what I mean, right?’Su Mingyuan had a smug look on his face. He turned his head to look at Xiao Ruoruo, but he found that she seemed to have not heard her at all. She simply replied in a perfunctory manner, looking as disappointed as ever.Su Mingyuan frowned.‘This should not be the case. I told you such important information about your brother, Xiao Ran, but you should give me some reaction!’No, no.He suddenly reacted.At this moment, Ruoruo was still performing her flawless performance.Yes.She must have extracted the key information from his words, but in order to act, she still had to pretend to care about him, like him, and even feel disappointed when she heard that he was dating another woman.‘It must be like this!’As soon as he thought of this, Su Mingyuan prepared to quickly finish this lunch, leaving a private space for Xiao Ruoruo to report.As an experienced person, he knew that he had to perform this perfectlyEvery minute and every second was a huge test for the performer’s mental and physical strength.So it was better to end this meal as soon as possible, and let Ruoruo suffer a little less.“Well, I’m done eating, I am going upstairs to rest, you can go to rest too.” He put down the dishes and left the restaurant.Then he ran one step and two steps immediately and rushed into the monitoring room on the second floor.‘Ruoruo, the performance is over, hurry up and report to your brother.’He turned on the surveillance screen with anticipation.***