Xiao Ruoruo was a little depressed as she cleaned up the dishes and returned to her room after washing the dishes.A trace of worry hung on her pitiful little face.Although she had already predicted that the other sisters would definitely not be able to resist going on a date with brother Mingyuan, why was she still so disappointed when she heard the news?Despite the fact that she was living in brother Mingyuan house, why did she feel that the distance between him and herself was not getting closer?However, she was only worried for a while before she patted her little face and quickly pulled herself together.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com‘What is she thinking so much about?’‘In this life, being able to accompany Brother Mingyuan is already enough, right?’She recalled a diary written by Su Mingyuan.9Th October, a cloudy day.Due to the fear of the overlord, I had to risk my life to save someone in order to get the plot back on track.This person should have been saved by the male protagonist Xiao Ran, but I did not expect this guy to come to Shanghai to participate in some sort of entertainment party. He did not even have time to rush back.He had to leave this mess to me again!Xiao Ran, ah, Xiao Ran, do you know how much I have done behind your back to make you invincible?It felt like even if I were to raise a son, I might not have been so attentive.However, I do not regret today’s adventure.Because whom I saved was a pure and kind-hearted beautiful girl.When she was rescued by me and thanked me softly, that gentle voice immediately made me feel that all my efforts were worth it.Even though this stupid Xiao Ran was always sick at the plot nodes where he needed to appear, which made my head hurt.However, if I work hard, I can make Xiao Ruoruo, such a pure and adorable girl, happy.I could hear her say thank you to me.I think the injuries I suffered to save her were not for nothing.After saving her, she pulled me along and said a lot of things. The way she looked at me was just like when I saved the other female protagonists. She was filled with gratitude and perhaps even a lot of good feelings.Even though I knew that when I said, “Actually, I’m Boss Xiao Ran’s subordinate. He sent me to save you”, the good impression and gratitude in her clear eyes would quickly shift to Xiao Ran under the interference of the Overlord.But as long as there was a moment when she looked at him with such eyes.I am satisfied.Although I was a little tired today, after saving Xiao Ruoruo and hearing her thanks to me, my mood was very cheerful.I could sleep well tonight.It was hard to describe Xiao Ruoruo’s mood when she saw this diary.Especially when she recalled that she had been saved more than once by the youth in a white trench coat and a pure white mask who called himself a white knight.She had a good impression and gratitude towards him time and time again, but in the end, because he said, “I am Boss Xiao Ran’s subordinate who sent me to save you”, all of these feelings drifted towards Xiao Ran…Her heart was filled with endless pity for Su Mingyuan.Brother Mingyuan was really too bitter.He had risked his life to save me, and he had even been injured. However, he was satisfied when he heard my thanks. He could sleep well…Therefore, in this life, she had to be by his side. Not only did she have to thank him, she also had to do more for him, even if she had to sacrifice her body…No, it was better to say that she hoped to compose music with brother Mingyuan…As for whether she had a status or not, she actually… she didn’t care too much.So, even if she knew that Big Brother Mingyuan and Sister Xue Qi had gone out on a date, as long as he had her in his heart, she could always be by his side.There was no need to feel too sad, was there?After convincing herself like this, Xiao Ruoruo quickly pulled herself together.‘However, Sister Xueqi must have taken advantage of him secretly on a date. If that is the case, I wouldn’t be left behind.’In the monitoring room.As soon as Su Mingyuan left the restaurant, he couldn’t wait to come here and open the surveillance screen.But to his surprise, after he left, Xiao Ruoruo did not immediately report to Xiao Ran. Instead, she silently cleaned up the dishes and after washing the dishes, she returned to her room with a worried expression.Then, she collapsed on the bed and hugged the pillow. It was unknown what she was thinking.This made him very anxious.‘Ruoruo, I’ve already left. You don’t need to act anymore. It’s time to pass on information to your brother!’‘Why are you so dumbfounded? Quickly take out your phone and make a phone call, send a message, and do something!’‘Ruoruo, move quickly, move quickly!’Su Mingyuan rubbed his hands in anxiety. As if Xiao Ruoruo understood his thoughts.She finally moved.However, she did not pick up her phone to send a message or make a call to Xiao Ran. Instead, she walked out of the room and walked towards the second floor with an expectant smile on her face.She had come to find Su Mingyuan!‘Ruoruo, coming… to look for me?’Su Mingyuan looked at the camera and roared in his heart as she walked up the stairs.‘Even if you came to see me for something, is this what you should do now?’‘Do you know how much trust Xiao Ran placed on you as an undercover agent and how much expectation you carried?’‘But instead of going to Xiao Ran to inform him, you came to me instead?’‘What are you doing!’He immediately left the surveillance room and rushed into his study on the second floor. Then, he pretended to read a book.When Xiao Ruoruo arrived at the study, she immediately smiled when she saw this scene.“Brother Mingyuan, what are you doing?”“Can’t you see it? I’m reading a book.” Su Mingyuan did not even look up.That was right, he was reading a book, and he was currently enjoying it.Xiao Ruoruo covered her mouth and smiled gently. “But Brother Mingyuan, you are holding it backwards.”“Eh? Did the book fall down?”Su Mingyuan put down the book with a guilty conscience and looked at Xiao Ruoruo, who was covering her mouth and laughing.He felt embarrassed.This feeling was like a student who had been caught by a teacher, leaving him feeling guilty.‘Wait, why should I feel guilty?’He suddenly reacted.‘Now, I’m the boss, not a secretory.’‘I am the owner of the villa, and Ruoruo is an undercover agent.’‘She should be the one feeling guilty!’Su Mingyuan suddenly felt a sense of confidence. He held the book in his hand and coldly snorted, speaking to Ruoruo confidently.“I just like reading backwards. Is there a problem?”“No, no problem.”Looking at Su Mingyuan who pretended to be majestic, Xia Ruoruo only felt that she wanted to laugh even more.‘Brother Mingyuan is so cute when he is like this…’“Don’t laugh!” Su Mingyuan raised his face.“Brother Mingyuan, I… I didn’t want to laugh…”“I actually wanted to say that rather than reading an upside-down book, Brother Mingyuan, it’s better…”Xiao Ruoruo put away the smile on her face, lowered her head slightly, and moved her two fingers to and fro in a panic.“Why don’t you come and see me…”She mustered up the courage to raise her head, glanced at him with a mix of shyness, resentment and happiness, then immediately lowered her head again, her face already blushing. It appeared as warm as a sunset.***