-bonus chapterIt was really an intense and beautiful kiss.Looking at Ruoruo’s bashful face and feeling the tenderness and youthful vigour of her body, Su Mingyuan felt extremely happy at this moment.Especially when he thought about how Xia Xueqi was wearing the same outfit at noon and how he had taken her first kiss.An illusion appeared in his mind.It seemed that the one who was tenderly kissed in his arms at the moment was not only Ruoruo, but also Xia Xueqi!Two beautiful faces appeared in his mind at the same time. At this moment, he seemed to feel double the happiness and unparalleled excitement!#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comCompared to Zhou Yiming, who did not do anything to the female protagonist Qiu.He had to admit it.He had gone bad.However, Su Mingyuan had a reason for this.‘There was nothing I could do.’‘They were the ones who seduced me.’‘I just committed a mistake that a man would make. How could I be blamed for this!’After two intense and passionate kisses, Su Mingyuan looked at Ruoruo’s blurred eyes and flushed cheeks. He really wanted her to do it again.But…He was not blinded by desire.At this moment, even if the heat surged into his chest and his desire was about to drown his brain, he still did not forget the important business.“Ruoruo, do you still remember the task I said I would give you earlier?”He hugged Ruoruo and sat on the lounge chair in the study.No, to be exact, it was Ruoruo who had been hugging him.He was just passive, sitting in a chair with Ruoruo, who was hugging him.“Yes, remember… I remember.” Ruoruo gasped.“Then listen up now. I want you to call your brother Xiao Ran and tell him about Xia Xueqi’s difficult situation. Let him help her.”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“For… Why?” Ruoruo was still immersed in the lingering passionate moment just now. Her brain could not turn around and she blurted out absentmindedly.“Why?”Su Mingyuan sneered and started his performance.“Because I hate these two people!”“The way your brother looks at Xia Xueqi. Heh…He likes her, right? Unfortunately, I hate it when other men look at my woman with such eyes. I want him to be punished!”“Your brother seems to be quite capable. The bodyguard that I carefully selected was defeated by him in one go. However, no matter how powerful his personal strength is, what use is it?”“Since he likes Xia Xueqi, I’ll give him a chance to get closer to her. Now that Xia Xueqi’s relatives were separated from each other, it was time for him to return to Xia Xueqi.”“But he probably doesn’t know that the end will come when he returns to Xia Xueqi’s side! The Xia family’s huge forces would crush the two of them like a flood. No matter how powerful he is, he can only stare in despair and helplessly watch Xia Xueqi fall into my hands.”“And he can’t do anything!”“I’ll give him a little hope first, so that when he thinks everything’s better, it’ll bring him the most broken and painful despair. Ruoruo, the punishment I gave him… is it not good?”Su Mingyuan smiled.This smile looked so evil, just like the sinister smile of a villain plotting against a good person.‘Ah, this…’At this moment, Ruoruo finally regained her senses and her high IQ. She seemed to understand what Su Mingyuan was doing.Brother Mingyuan must have done the same as in his previous life. Under the oppression of the hateful Overlord, he had no choice but to do such a brainless villainous act in order to get the plot back on track!‘Brother Mingyuan is so pitiful…’‘At this time, of course, I should cooperate with him and do as he said to make him less oppressed.’‘But as Xiao Ran’s younger sister, doesn’t it seem a little bit… too fake?’Before she could figure it out, Su Mingyuan had already given her an excuse.His fingers slowly stroked Ruoruo’s delicate face as if he was comforting his cat.“But you don’t have to worry, who asked Xiao Ran to have a good sister like you?”“I won’t kill him because you’re so tactful and submitting to me. At most, I’ll only make him suffer a psychological blow. If he knew he was wrong after all this, he would kneel down and beg for my forgiveness. I would also kindly arrange a job for him to eat and drink, at least not to starve him for the rest of his life.”“Of course!₹ When he said this, his fingers pinched Xiao Ruoruo’s face, his eyes flashing with a cold chill.“If you don’t want your brother to suffer and don’t want to follow my orders to do this ……”Before he could finish his threatening words, Ruoruo immediately nodded her head and said, “I’m willing.” She cleared the momentum of the villain he had accumulated with great difficulty.She really didn’t want to see Big Brother Mingyuan acting as a villain because of the oppression of the Overlord. So, she immediately nodded in agreement when she heard Su Mingyuan’s threat.“Alright, call Xiao Ran now,”Su Mingyuan immediately said.Xiao Ruoruo nodded and returned to her room to get her phone.“Wait!”At that moment, Su Mingyuan suddenly pulled her back.“Is there anything else, Brother Mingyuan?” She tilted her head and looked at him in confusion.“I just remembered something when I called.”Su Mingyuan suddenly revealed an evil smile.The flames that had been triggered by Ruoruo hadn’t faded yet. Now that she was talking about making a phone call, for some reason, Su Mingyuan suddenly thought of something wrong.All sorts of plots suddenly popped up in his mind.And then…He really wanted to practice it.He was also testing Ruoruo’s bottom line.Oh, no, it wasn’t testing the bottom line.It was he who suddenly wanted to see if Ruoruo, as an undercover agent, had the kind of spiritual awareness, sacrifice and dedication that he admired for her brother Xiao Ran!So he said, “If you call Xiao Ran later, I’ll feel bored if I don’t do anything. So why not ……”“How about you call him while I kiss your lips?”“Brother Mingyuan!”Ruoruo’s eyes widened as she looked at him in disbelief.After saying this, Su Mingyuan suddenly felt a little embarrassed and felt that he was very shameless, so he faltered, “Uh…you, if you don’t want to, then… then forget it.”Ruoruo looked at Su Mingyuan’s somewhat embarrassed expression, and thought that he had just been forced to play the evil villain again by the Overlord, and her heart suddenly softened.‘This life’s elder brother Mingyuan doesn’t seem to have the habit of writing a diary. He must be very depressed in his heart, but he has no way of venting, so he has just become the way he was just now, right?’‘So sad…’‘I feel so sorry for brother Mingyuan…’‘Brother Mingyuan, if I am not as smart and capable as other sisters, I do not have a huge force, nor a strong background.’‘All I can do in this life is to accompany you and bring you a little happiness when you are depressed.’‘So……’‘So if you want me to do this…’Ruoruo took the initiative to take Su Mingyuan’s hand, endured the infinite shame, shook the corner of her clothes and said in a low voice, “But…you can, brother Mingyuan.”“Ruoruo, what did you say?” Su Mingyuan raised his head suddenly, with ecstasy on his face, he didn’t expect Ruoruo to have such an admirable spiritual awareness!Ruoruo had to repeat it again with a blushing face.“Brother Mingyuan, I’m willing to listen to your orders.”“Just, just, can you not kiss, then… that way I won’t be able to speak…”She took Su Mingyuan’s hand nervously, placed it carefully on her tender flower bud, raised her head and glanced at him shyly, her voice full of trembling, “Knead… rub my chest, okay?”***