Why?How could this be?Obviously, he should have humiliated Xiao Ruoruo and forced her to submit to him for being stubborn, and then she would have thrown the wine onto his face.Why, why did it become like this?Once, Su Mingyuan had thought about how interesting a sight it would be if one day the female protagonists of this world would collapse and suddenly like him back.But he didn’t expect that on the first day he played the villain again, Xiao Ruoruo, one of the female protagonists, would stubbornly kiss him on the lips!Xiao Ruoruo,you should hate me, hate me!How come you obey my commands and kiss me?And the way you did it was no different to a deep, passionate kiss.This is simply not funny at all!If things continue in this manner, his first act will certainly not receive good reviews; how will he be able to accumulate enough villain points quickly!Bang! Bang! Bang!Outside the door of the office, Xiao Ran smashed the door open.When Xiao Ruoruo heard her brother shouting and the loud banging of the door, she had already backed away and distanced herself from Su Mingyuan.This time, Xiao Ran had broken the door and was anxiously searching for his sister.“Ruoruo, are you okay? ”Xiao Ruoruo was standing two meters away from Su Mingyuan, unharmed, and nothing seemed to have happened between them.Hearing Xiao Ran at this moment, she raised her head to see the two bodyguards that had been assigned to guard the door had been knocked to the ground by Xiao Ran  and the door had been smashed. She was taken aback, “ Brother, what are you doing here?”“You….why are you here?”“Ruoruo, are you…all right?” Xiao Ran frowned.“I’m okay? How could I possibly not be alright?”At this moment, Su Mingyuan came back to his senses.For whatever reason that Xiao Ruoruo’s attitude changed, now that the male protagonist has arrived, he must grasp the opportunity to taunt him fiercely, arouse his hatred, arouse his anger, and make a big profit!And the simplest and most effective way to ridicule him is to say directly that he had kissed Xiao Ruoruo!Even though he forced Xiao Ruoruo into kissing him, he still had managed to obtain Xiao Ruoruo’s first kiss.Xiao Ran would definitely go crazy, once this matter is said.Even if Xiao Ruoruo has something wrong; it seems that while she despises me, she does not appear to loathe me that much, but Xiao Ran will definitely hate me to the death. Therefore, my performance evaluation will definitely be high again and the villain points I accumulated will be much more at the end of this novel!“You are Xiao Ran, right? Xiao Ruoruo’s brother.” Facing Xiao Ran, Su Mingyuan’s face was filled with contempt and a bit of sarcasm, “Ah…you know, your sister’s first…”[Ding! Warning! Requesting the host to follow an unwritten rule that the villain must not touch the female protagonist, and must not tell the male protagonist Xiao Ran about obtaining Xiao Ruoruo’s first kiss, otherwise a large amount of villain points will be deducted.]‘But it was Xiao Ruoruo who took the initiative to kiss me! ‘[Regardless of whether you take the initiative or the other way round, the truth is that you made a move, but the passive behavior system has helped you cover it up. And once you let the male protagonist know, it is the equivalent of letting the Overlord perceive, a huge amount of your villain points will be deducted!]‘All right.’Su Mingyuan could only look at Xiao Ran and change his words. “Today is your sister’s first day at her internship. She has not yet gained even a little work experience and her future may be affected by such a reckless older brother.”“What…what do you mean?” Xiao Ran clenched his fists as he looked at Su Mingyuan, his eyebrows knitting in confusion.Somehow, when he looked at Su Mingyuan’s aloof face, and remembered the rumors he had heard from Brother Yang, a bad mood settled over him and an unknown fire raged in his heart.“What do you mean?”Su Mingyuan pointed to the two bodyguards on the floor and the broken door, and said with a sneer, “You forcibly entered my company, injured my bodyguards, and broke my office door. Do you really believe I will forgive you without reservation?”“Forcibly enter? Su Mingyuan, do you think I don’t know who you are? If I hadn’t arrived in time, you filthy beast, you might have done something dirty to Ruoruo!” Xiao Ran shouted angrily.Su Mingyuan chuckled as he shook the wine glass and said, “I’ve just asked my new secretary if she’d like to have two drinks in the office with me. How could that be considered dirty?”Xiao Ran looked at his younger sister. She looked fine and her clothes showed no signs of being ripped off, but she was looking a little red as if she was drunk.It seemed that nothing really had happened between the two of them.But he knew that his sister never drank alcohol because she didn’t know how to drink alcohol and also didn’t like to drink. Su Mingyuan must have forced her to drink.Since Su Mingyuan had forced her to drink, it was unlikely that it would have taken long for this beast to get Ruoruo intoxicated from wine and then pass out. If he had arrived a few minutes later…At the thought of the horrible consequences of what might have been, an anger burned from the bottom of his heart.If it weren’t for Su Mingyuan’s background and the fact that it was now daytime, he would have rushed in under the watchful eye and punched Su Mingyuan in the face right now!“Ruoruo, let’s go! ”He took Xiao Ruoruo’s hand and was prepared to leave.There was no point in entangling with Su Mingyuan right now; he would just wait a few days, until the younger brother buddy he had met while traveling abroad arrived in Mingjing, and he’d go look for Su Mingyuan and settle this account properly!“Stop! Did I ask you to leave?” Su Mingyuan’s icy voice came from behind him.Xiao Ran turned around, “Shameless! What else do you have to say?”“Xiao Ran, you hurt my people, broke my door, and think you can just walk away?”Su Mingyuan’s eyes suddenly turned cold, like a knife stabbing Xiao Ran in the face.“It appears that you didn’t take what I had just said seriously.”A cold smile slowly appeared on his face, like a poisonous snake that slowly spits out venom.“Your sister Xiao Ruoruo is studying at the Ming City Film Academy, right? She grew up in the welfare center, but she has such a pure and beautiful heart. Her dream is to be a big star and she hopes to make people laugh and be touched by her performances.”“But it’s a pity that her dream won’t come true.”“Because you have offended me.”“Because I can ban her in the entertainment industry with just one word.”“With a single word, I can cut off her future and cut off her dreams.”“And all this because of you, Xiao Ran.“Because of your recklessness, because of your arrogance, your disrespect for me.”“So, I’m going to teach her a lesson, and I’m going to teach you a lesson as well.”Su Mingyuan raised his wine glass, drank the remaining wine slowly, sat at his desk, and raised his feet.“However, I, Su Mingyuan, will never do anything.”“Therefore, I am giving you, Xiao Ran, a chance. A chance to get down on your knees and beg me for forgiveness, to admit your mistake to me while weeping loudly under my feet, and maybe my heart will soften and let you go with great compassion.”Become a Patron!TLN: Im back sorry for the wait.Lacking Chapters: 2/6Special thanks to JDtheMad, Marc Malonzo, Yorume, Louis Jacquet, NOPE YOU DON’T KNOW MY NAME, ZeroLesson, Jack, FondleMyBalls, john jon, Mith and Bob Oakley.