Su Mingyuan never expected that after eliminating all the interference, risks and variables.A variable still appeared!It was Su Xuelan, who he thought would help him eliminate Murong Hongxue!Not only that, but what was even scarier was that she had also brought Murong Hongxue here!‘My good sister, is that how you helped me?’Su Mingyuan’s hands trembled as he grabbed the shoulders of the two bodyguards to prevent himself from falling. He muttered, “I’m really stupid, really…I knew my sister would not help me, but I didn’t expect her to use this method ……”The bodyguards, Zhao Shan and Li Cheng, looked at each other in confusion.‘Young Master’s appearance… Is it because he is so happy to see the young miss help him out that he can’t even stand still when she arrives?’‘It can’t be that he was disappointed by the appearance of the young miss, right?’‘This didn’t make sense!’The two of them pondered for a while, then suddenly looked at each other and figured it out.Understood!Young Master had just been angered to the point that his entire body was trembling by that hateful fellow Xiao Ran. At this moment, he suddenly saw the Young Miss appear as a saviour, so he was both angry and excited.His heart was suddenly struck by these two violent and contradictory emotions, causing Young Master’s emotions to go out of control for a moment until his body went soft and his face turned pale.That was it!At this moment, Su Xuelan walked towards Su Ming step by step.From the moment she and Murong Hongxue appeared, it was so quiet that even a needle fell to the ground.One was the ruthless underground queen, and the other was the future leader of the Su family.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comNone of them could afford to offend these two women.Some people even hid themselves behind the crowd, afraid that Su Xuelan would remember their appearance.While Su Xuelan was away, they still had the courage to follow Xiao Ran’s smile and laugh.Now that Su Xuelan appeared, they couldn’t even smile. They even wanted to cry.Even though Su Xuelan was gentle and dignified and always maintained an elegant and polite smile, ever since she took control of the Su Family, she had done quite a lot of vicious things behind their backs.The market was already a battlefield!As she got closer, the crowd seemed to have been cut off by Moses.At this moment, they all turned into silent backgrounds, showing Su Xuelan’s overwhelming presence.She didn’t have a straight face, nor did she show any anger. She just maintained her usual elegant and gentle demeanour.However, it made her look even more terrifying.Su Xuelan walked towards Su Mingyuan, but Murong Hongxue stood at the door without moving. She looked at everything with a smile.However, none of the other people present dared to ignore her existence or underestimate her majesty.She must be brewing something.Xiao Ran keenly sensed that something was wrong with the atmosphere.A second ago, he was still mocking Su Mingyuan, making everyone laugh.In the next second, the entire venue fell silent. Even his good brother, Ye Chen, was wiping away the sweat on his forehead in panic.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comAt this moment, Xiao Ran opened his mouth and silently closed it.Because he didn’t know what to say, he could only quietly watch Su Xuelan walk to Su Mingyuan’s side and help him up.“Sis ……”At this moment, Su Mingyuan’s mind was filled with shock. He looked at this peerlessly beautiful face. The concern and heartache in her eyes were not fake. He could not bear to criticise anything.However, he still could not understand why these two people would appear in this place at this time when he had clearly arranged everything.He had to ask clearly.“……Sister, didn’t you go to dinner with Murong Hongxue? Why… she will appear here?”Su Xuelan lifted a strand of hair and explained, “Because I’m here to have dinner with her.”Pfft.Su Mingyuan almost vomited blood.He didn’t expect that he would be able to calculate ninety-nine possibilities, but the only one percent he hadn’t calculated happened.There were so many places to eat in Ming City, and even under Murong Hongxue, there were many private places to eat.However, his sister Su Xuelan and Murong Hongxue chose this place to eat. It was this Blue Rose!What made him even more speechless was that when Su Xuelan saw his pale face, she carefully touched his face and spoke with a pitiful expression.“Mingyuan, it’s a good thing that I’m here for dinner so that I can show up in time when you’re bullied. Seeing how angry you were, your face turned pale ……”Her heart ached as she hugged Su Mingyuan, who felt the same pain. She turned her head to look at Xiao Ran, and her beautiful eyes turned cold and a trace of killing intent flashed through them.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Your name is Xiao Ran, right? Just now, you were the one who bullied my brother?”If it wasn’t for her appearance, Xiao Ran was going to pretend to have succeeded. No, he had obviously succeeded in his role, but his sister suddenly appeared.Wasn’t it just kicking him back to the starting line?Unfortunately, he could not do anything at this moment!Because according to his personal plot, he should be happy and excited at this moment!It was the System’s most basic requirement for him to act in accordance with the villain’s rules. If he had even violated this rule, he wouldn’t even have to talk about obtaining the villain coins.Right now, he was in a panic and his mood was in a mess. At the same time, his eyes were filled with anticipation as he looked at Xiao Ran.‘Xiao Ran’er, don’t let down the many tangible and intangible help I gave you like an old father. Give me some help, give me some strength!’However, Xiao Ran was destined to disappoint his old father.How scary was a person who always smiled and never got angry?When Xiao Ran faced Su Xuelan’s murderous eyes.As the King of Assassins, who had seen countless cruel scenes, he actually felt a trace of fear in front of Su Xuelan’s overwhelming presence.‘This woman…’‘She is extremely dangerous!’“Xiao Ran, let me ask you one more thing. Did you just bully my brother?”Su Xuelan’s words were filled with killing intent.Xiao Ran was ashamed of the trace of cowardice he had just felt. It was just a woman. Wasn’t her gaze a little fierce?As the king of Assassin, he actually felt a little timid because of such eyes?He was going to find his way back!Besides, he was now on the true side, and he is on the side of justice!“Obviously it was Su Mingyuan who bullied an innocent waitress unreasonably. I couldn’t see it and said a few words to him. How could I bully him?” Xiao Ran looked at Su Xuelan without fear.“You didn’t just say a few words to him, you beat him, you mocked him with very vulgar and shameless jokes. And you say you didn’t bully him?”“He took the waitress’s mistakes unreasonably and bullied others. That’s our business. If he made a mistake, I will come forward to teach him a lesson and punish him. And if you bully him, that’s another matter, just don’t blame me for standing up for him!”Su Xuelan sneered. “If you are really a good person who sees injustice and acts bravely, then you should stop after you see Mingyuan’s behaviour, and I wouldn’t bother to pursue anything.”“But you should never think that you are on the side of justice, and use his fiancee to mock and insult him. Do you know that you hit my Su family and Xia family in the face at the same time?”“Do you really think that you have a reason to insult others? Then you bully others by pointing a little girl’s mistakes, what is the difference in essence? What do you have? Are you qualified to laugh at him?”“You……!”Xiao Ran angrily wanted to refute something, but even though he was extremely upset, he couldn’t find any reason to refute for a while.“And the most disgusting thing about you, Xiao Ran!”Su Xuelan looked at Xiao Ran with a look of disgust, as if seeing a disgusting cockroach.“Xia Xueqi, as your partner, takes you to the dinner party and brings you to meet the upper-class circles. She doesn’t ask you to repay her favours, but at least you don’t speak ill of her, right?”“But what were you doing just now? In order to laugh at Mingyuan, you joked about Xia Xueqi and Mingyuan in front of so many people, and you laughed and said, ‘As for what happened, what do you think?’ These suggestive words, what do you mean by them?”“You didn’t even hold Xia Xueqi’s hand at that dinner party, what are you implying with ulterior motives here? You want to use this hint to cause everyone’s conjecture, destroy the marriage of our Su Xia family, and trample us underfoot, making your name?”“Do you want to secretly confirm the ambiguous relationship between you and Xia Xueqi, so as to force her to fall into your arms and hold the beauty back? You really have a sinister intention and a vicious mind! If Xia Xueqi knew that her partner was you I don’t know how angry she would be on such an ungrateful white-eyed wolf!”Xiao Ran was suddenly speechless, and the audience was even more silent.Under Su Xuelan’s series of verbal attacks, the eyes of everyone present at Xiao Ran gradually changed. Su Mingyuan completely panicked, and Xiao Ran was even more upset.Originally, by slapping Su Mingyuan in the face, Xiao Ran gained the invisible favour of the rich and wealthy families present.But after Su Xuelan’s remarks, all his efforts were in vain.What made him even more uncomfortable was that the main purpose of his trip was to make friends with Murong Hongxue, but now his embarrassed appearance had completely fallen into her eyes. The initial impression was a negative score, how would they make friends?And the most terrifying thing was that if these words spread like this, wouldn’t Xiao Ran’s reputation plummet in the upper circles, turning bad from now on.Moreover, for Xueqi, he was afraid she would feel bad because of these words…He was remorseful now, very remorseful.Why couldn’t he keep his mouth shut!No, it was better to say, if this woman hadn’t appeared, who would have thought of this, who would have thought that Xiao Ran was an ungrateful person?‘Damn Su Xuelan!’She looked so beautiful, but her heart was so vicious!But it was not that he didn’t have a chance to come back, yes, if he was ungrateful and sinister, how could he run to save a bullied waitress?Yes, all this didn’t make sense, Su Xuelan was just arguing!Thinking of this, Xiao Ran immediately froze his neck and became stubborn, “You are just sophistry! I just didn’t think as much as you thought, I just said those words out of my mind and accidentally, I can apologise for these rude and inappropriate remarks. But I never thought of being an ungrateful person. My heart is good, otherwise why would I choose to stand out when I see a bullied waitress instead of being silent like everyone else?”“That’s why I just said that as soon as I entered the door, I saw a clown who thought he was a righteous hero bullying my brother.”Su Xuelan smiled lightly. At this moment, the killing intent in her eyes subsided, and her smile looked like a spring breeze.But the words that came out of her mouth next were the fatal sword that peirced Xiao Ran.“Xiao Ran, you said that you have a good heart, but maybe everyone present didn’t know one thing. When Mingyuan and the waitress hadn’t clashed and bumped into each other, You were standing behind.“You could have reminded her to be careful not to bump into people, but you didn’t. Of course, it’s not your fault, after all, no one can predict what will happen in the future.”“Just can you explain why when Mingyuan grabbed her hand and made her lose money, you and Ye Chen just stood and watched and didn’t do anything?“Why did the two of you appear as heroes at this time until things got bigger and attracted the attention of the audience?”“You obviously have the ability to prevent things from getting worse, but you chose to wait for a purpose. And your purpose…”“Xiao Ran, you don’t want to be a righteous hero who is righteous and brave. You just want to show it in front of everyone. You want them to think that you are kind, righteous and brave, so as to gain their favour. Am I right?”Su Xuelan’s remarks completely hit Xiao Ran’s mind.Xiao Ran only felt that he had nothing to hide under these eyes, and everything was seen through.He was so embarrassed that he blushed and said, “Su Xuelan, you’re just messing around! Making things up! You just arrived at the scene, how could you know what happened just now!”Until then, he still refused to admit defeat, he didn’t want to be slapped in the face by a woman.‘No, I can still make a comeback, I haven’t lost yet, this woman is just bullshitting!’But things didn’t go in the direction he wanted to turn around.“Yes, Xiao Ran, I didn’t really see what I said just now. However, Murong Hongxue, who was eating in the same box as me, happened to witness the cause and the process of the whole thing. These are all things she said.”Su Xuelan slowly smiled at Xiao Ran.But until this moment, Murong Hongxue, who had been watching the show with her arms crossed at the door, finally said her first words from the moment she came here.“Yes, what Xuelan said is true, I can testify for her.”At this moment, Murong Hongxue’s testimony completely confirmed all Su Xuelan’s claims.The audience was in an uproar, and the eyes of everyone looking at Xiao Ran changed completely.Even Li Shuang, the waitress who was full of gratitude for Xiao Ran’s rescue, took a half step back unconsciously, not daring to look at him.At this moment, Xiao Ran’s face was ashen, his fists clenched hard.Just now he laughed at Su Mingyuan with the audience, treating him as a clown.And now, the person who was treated like a clown by the audience was himself.***