This is an extra chapter!However, Su Xuelan did not intend to let Xiao Ran off just like that.“Xiao Ran, did I let you go?”“What are you waiting for!” Xiao Ran looked at her unkindly and roared.He felt too uncomfortable from being humiliated, and he couldn’t help but reveal his emotions.He couldn’t help it. The moment he pretended to be in front of everyone, the next second, he was slapped in the face and turned into a clown in everyone’s eyes. To him, this huge difference was too difficult to accept.The first volume,056, I want you to slap yourself!It was over, it was over, everything was over!The instant Murong Hongxue’s voice fell, Xiao Ran’s mind instantly resounded with this desperate cry.These words were a fatal blow!At the same time, the bodyguards, Zhao Shan and Li Cheng, saw their young master’s body suddenly tremble and stagger again. They almost fell along from shock and hurriedly helped him up.“Young Master, what’s wrong?” Li Cheng hurriedly asked with concern.Su Mingyuan revealed an incomparably bitter smile. “I’m just……I was just too happy. I didn’t expect my sister to stand up for me, so……So……”“In short, she’s too good to me!”Was it like this?When the young Master’s happy……Would he show such an expression?Li Cheng scratched his head.Perhaps it was because he was too excited, just like when he saw the young miss appear.Su Mingyuan looked at the completely suppressed scene and his expression became ugly. It could even be said that he was completely turned into a clown by his sister Su Xuelan and Murong Hongxue. He sighed in his heart.Myself, I know you did your best.I did my best.But in this battle…… The one to blame was me.If I had really calculated everything and asked my sister to invite Murong Hongxue to a place I had decided to eat, they would not have appeared, and the current situation would not have happened.I could also happily reap a large amount of villainous points and draw a perfect end to this performance.But don’t worry.Next time, this sort of thing wouldn’t happen!People will grow. Next time, I will think more comprehensively. I will never allow any risks or variables to appear and disturb our performance!Moreover……When Su Mingyuan thought about the next scene where he and Xiao Ran would appear, and another one-man scene where there were only two people, his mood instantly became excited.If he didn’t do it well this time, wouldn’t there be a next time?Moreover, who said that this performance was completely ruined by him alone?Although the second slap in the face in this performance did not succeed, it was Su Xuelan’s big sister who gave him a vicious blow, causing Xiao Ran’s face to swell.But wasn’t there a third time?Although he didn’t even need to think about perfect and excellent evaluations, he could still strive for good and ordinary evaluations.After all, he had already been slapped in the face by Xiao Ran at the entrance of the second floor.If Xiao Ran’s mercenary brothers were to stand up and threaten him when he left, forcing Su Mingyuan to leave with his tail between his legs and forming a wave of invisible force, this good evaluation might also be able to……No, no, no, I cann’t have high expectations.Without hope, there is no disappointment.For this performance, it would be great to have an ordinary evaluation.Su Mingyuan really wanted to end everything in front of him right now, and quickly entere the scene of Su Mingyuan being terrified after the two of them left with ruthless words.However, this was what he thought. Xiao Ran and Ye Chen also felt that continuing to stay here was humiliating themselves and they wanted to leave first.However, Su Xuelan did not care if he could endure it or not.“I just said that if Mingyuan did something wrong, I will naturally go home and punish him.’ But it’s one thing for another. You just used the advantage of justice to humiliate him and beat him. Do you think I’ll just let it go?”At this moment, Ye Chen stepped out to smooth things over and said, “Sister Lan, Xiao Ran is my friend. Look, you’ve already scolded him so miserably just now, so you can be considered to have taken out your anger. How about ……”“Ye Chen, did I ask you to speak?”Su Xuelan glared at him coldly. “Your older brother, Ye Tian, is barely qualified to plead with me here. You? You just bullied my younger brother, Mingyuan, with Xiao Ran. I didn’t come looking for revenge because of your older brother’s face, so you took the initiative to come looking for a fight, right?”Ye Chen immediately retreated resentfully.Su Xuelan looked at the embarrassed Xiao Ran and said with a cold smile, “You just used your right hand to hit my Mingyuan’s face, right? How about this? As long as you use your right hand and slap yourself twice, I won’t pursue your actions tonight.”“Otherwise, I’ll let you know why our Su Clan is one of the four great clans!”“Su Xuelan, you……!” Xiao Ran clenched his fist so hard that it couldn’t help but flare up.Who kind of thing is your Su Family, the Four Great Families?I even swore to destroy the Ancient Martial Xiao Clan. How could I endure such grievances here?Wasn’t it just some power?I don’t know how many people like you I killed abroad!Fortunately, Ye Chen noticed that his expression wasn’t quite right. He quickly pressed him down and comforted him by his ear, “Xiao Ran, endure for a moment and calm down. Take a step back and see the boundless sky. Your foundation has yet to be completed and your power has yet to rise. You must endure, endure!”Xiao Ran’s tightly clenched fist gradually loosened.If he dared to make a move here, then he was a complete idiot because this was equivalent to completely cutting off the entrance to the upper circle, so he had to endure silently!#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comWhat about leaving?“Xiao Ran, don’ t think about leaving. Su Xuelan’s greatest strength is to keep her promise. If you endure and slap yourself twice, she will definitely keep her promise and not cause trouble for you. But if you ignore her and leave ……”At this moment, Ye Chen was afraid that Xiao Ran would completely offend Su Xuelan, so he hurriedly continued to persuade him:“Believe me, you will definitely regret it. She isn’t Su Mingyuan. Right now, she is currently in control of most of the Su Clan’s power. Being targeted by her, it will be really difficult for you to develop. Han Xin is able to endure the humiliation under his crotch. You have to endure it when you need to!”Endure!Endure!Endure!Xiao Ran kept saying to himself in his heart.Since he was able to endure for so many years for the sake of avenging his parents, until now, he still had not recovered his true name and revealed his origins, so what if he endured Su Xuelan’s humiliation here?His expression changed indeterminately. He finally made up his mind.“Alright, slap my face, right? I will do it! Su Xuelan, you better keep your promise!”Resisting the humiliation and anger, he slowly raised his right hand to his face, and then——Snap!Snap!Second time!Two extremely clear and loud slaps resounded throughout the audience.He hit hard and seriously, and his right cheek was slightly swollen.But when he slapped himself, he vowed ruthlessly in his heart.Su Mingyuan, Su Xuelan, remember it for me!When my foundation is solid and the power is formed, I will definitely avenge today’s slap.I will make you regret it sooner or later, let’s see!Seeing Xiao Ran humiliating himself and slaping himself twice in the face of the public, Su Xuelan nodded slightly, and this was considered letting him go.She turned around and walked to Su Mingyuan’s side, her face immediately changed to a warm and concerned expression.“Mingyuan, don’t be sad.”She pulled up Su Mingyuan’s arm that had just been slapped by Xiao Ran in distress, hugged him lovingly, and stroked his hair.“I have already helped you get revenge on the person who bullied you. You should be happy now.”Feeling the sincere concern from his sister, Su Mingyuan had no choice but to smile, “Ah, seeing that you avenged me, sister, I am now… um, I am really happy…”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comjust ah…Sister, can you stop bullying Xiao Ran like this in the future?Although I don’t look distressed.But the more you hit him in the face so hard.It was hard for me to let him pretend to get the result obtained once.***