Su Mingyuan and Su Xuelan shared a deep bond as siblings.On the other side, Ye Chen and Xiao Ran could not stay any longer and chose to leave.This was especially the case for Xiao Ran, who was directly accused by Su Xuelan in front of everyone as someone with ulterior motives and ungrateful.If he were to stay here and endure the rolling eyes of so many people, was he mentally ill?The two hurried towards the second floor exit.Su Mingyuan, who was held in Su Xuelan’s arms, immediately became anxious when he saw this scene.Don’t leave so fast, wait for me!Xiao Ran’er, you still have a chance to show off. Don’t be in a hurry to leave!He immediately pushed Su Xuelan’s embrace away and said:“Sister, you continue to eat and chat with Murong Hongxue. I’ll be leaving first.”He couldn’t let go of this last chance to raise his evaluation!Unexpectedly, Su Xuelan followed him as he prepared to leave.“I just talked to Hongxue. Mingyuan, if you want to leave, I can accompany you.”Ah, this……Su Mingyuan opened his mouth, but in the end, he didn’t say anything.What else could he say?Originally, he had wanted to split apart his elder sister and create a space for Xiao Ran to act cool, but when his elder sister followed him, wouldn’t he……No, probably not.Even if it was her sister, when she suddenly saw so many burly men standing up in the bar and looking at her with hostile expressions, her heart would probably tremble, right?In that case, she still wouldn’t interrupt……When Su Mingyuan didn’t feel fortunate enough to pat his chest and let go of his worries. He heard Murong Hongxue say, “Since Xuelan is preparing to leave, I, the host, will send you to the door.”How could I have forgotten about her!That’s right, even though Xiao Ran had all of his mercenaries and brothers at this moment, with a large number of people, he should be able to recover some strength.But you want him to have more people than the underground queen Murong Hongxue?Murong Hongxue’s smile looked so beautiful and charming.However, Su Mingyuan felt a wave of bitterness in his heart.At this moment, only one big word appeared in his mind:Fuck!He could only hope that his son, Xiao Ran, would be able to unleash a bit of power.Just now, he had been forced by his sister to slap himself. He had truly lost his dignity as the main character. In any case, it was better for him to shout that he was thirty years old!Right now, you till have one more chance. Your subordinates are all heroes who have been through hundreds of battles. Don’t let me down. Do you want some help?My requirements are not high. Even if you can’ t pretend, at least…… Don’t get slapped in the face, alright? Isn’t it very simple?Following Xiao Ran and Ye Chen’s footsteps, Su Mingyuan also left the second floor and went down the stairs.Su Xuelan held his hand and inserted her five fingers into the gap between his fingers with incomparable naturalness. Then, she closed her fingers tightly around his palm.Murong Hongxue’s expression didn’t change at all. She only had a faint smile on her face, but no one dared to ignore her existence. Some of the frightened birds that were completely terrified by her reputation were even thinking about the sinister scheme hidden beneath this smile.The group of people arrived at the first floor of the bar, and the noisy music and dancing crowd immediately entered their eyes.Xiao Ran was prepared to call his brothers to leave and play in a different place. He had already lost face here tonight, so he did not want to stay for a moment.Su Mingyuan was not far from him to begin with. He had been paying attention to his movements from the corner of his eye.Seeing Xiao Ran walk over, he immediately knew that an opportunity had come. He hurriedly shook off Su Xuelan’s hand and rushed to Xiao Ran’s side, loudly saying, “Xiao Ran, although my sister will keep her promise and let you go, don’ t think that I’ll just let you go!“Who do you think you are?” A wild dog from abroad. I, Su Mingyuan, can cripple you with a single move. You actually dare to act arrogantly in front of me?”Whoosh whoosh whoosh!More than ten burly men suddenly appeared in front of Su Mingyuan, who was speaking ruthlessly.As soon as they heard Su Mingyuan’s words humiliating Xiao Ran, they immediately put down what they were doing and wanted to get fight back.A second ago, they were still drinking, punching each other, teasing the little sister. They all looked like ruffians.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comIn the next second, their expressions turned solemn as they appeared in front of Su Mingyuan. Their tall and sturdy bodies formed a human wall and surrounded Su Mingyuan inside. Their eyes filled with killing intent pierced straight through Su Mingyuan’s chest like knives.“Little boy, you dare to insult our boss?”At this moment, killing intent erupted from their bodies as the halo of mountains of corpses and seas of blood appeared behind them. They seemed to be devil themselves.Su Mingyuan’s eyes trembled as his face paled slightly. He looked as if he was frightened, but the corner of his eye was quietly glancing at Xiao Ran.Son, I’ve already created this opportunity for you. As for whether you can grasp it or not, it’s up to you!As expected, Xiao Ran did not disappoint him.“Su Mingyuan, before you say anything vicious, wipe your eyes! I, Xiao Ran, am not a wild dog that came from abroad, and you, Su Mingyuan, do not have your sister’s protection. Without the identity of the Su Family’s young master, you are nothing!”Xiao Ran did not have the impulse to let his subordinates teach Su Mingyuan a lesson. He was not that stupid.However, seeing Su Mingyuan’s frightened expression, the humiliation and anger he had suffered tonight immediately dissipated.On Su Mingyuan’s behaviour, he had regained the familiar feeling of being pretentious!“You just said you could move your hand…… and cripple me? Young master Su, there are times when you have to use vicious words to see the situation. Otherwise, you will only appear to be lacking in brains.”As he walked in front of Su Mingyuan, the terrifying might of the King of Assassins instantly spread out, enveloping Su Mingyuan’s head like a mountain.His eyes were ice-cold and merciless. It was as if mountains of corpses and seas of blood were surging out of his back. He looked at Su Mingyuan’s trembling eyes and said word by word, “Su Mingyuan. A person could not be easily humiliated. Even though I, Xiao Ran, am a commoner, my anger can still compel me to do anything!”“You have to be careful not to really make me angry, understand?”Even though he had only spoken ruthlessly, he had finally found a way to vent the humiliation.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comHowever, some people were not prepared to let him continue to have a good time.A foreigner? Are you threatening to teach my guests at my place?”“It seems that my name is not loud enough for you to stop causing trouble in my place.”Murong Hongxue covered her mouth and laughed, but her eyes suddenly turned cold and cruel.ShakingThe deafening music, the shining splendor of lights, and the clamorous crowd suddenly became silent at this moment.It was like the whole world had hit the pause button.Xiao Ran looked at the scene in front of him with sheer astonishment, and looked at everyone in the bar, the bartender, the waiter, the little girl who accompanied customer to drink, and even the men and women who wriggled their waists and butts in the middle of the dance floor…The moment Murong Hongxue’s voice fell, they stopped what they were doing, and stared at him with deadly cold eyes.This kind of scene was too weird, this kind of eyes were too piercing.Even his mercenary brothers who had experienced countless battlefields could no longer maintain their cold-blooded stance, and their hearts are starting to feel dizzy.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comSwish swish!A dozen ghostly figures suddenly appeared behind the mercenaries who had just mocked Su Mingyuan arrogantly.These strong men, who had a lot of blood on their hands, fell like a landslide in an instant.A wine waiter respectfully raised a tray and came to Murong Hongxue’s side.Murong Hongxue picked up the wine glass with an elegant expression, shook the scarlet liquid in the glass, looked at Xiao Ran who had a stunned and dazed look, and slowly revealed a charming but fatally dangerous smile, “Xiao Ran, just now you slapped yourself and asked Xuelan to let you go. So now…”“What do you think you should do to get me to let you out of this bar?”***