At this moment, Xiao Ran’s mood was extremely chaotic and shocking.He never would have thought that when he came here today to make friends with Murong Hongxue. But now, not only did he fail to make friends, he seemed to have provoked her instead.He hadn’t expected that his brothers, who were all outstanding elite mercenaries, would actually suffer a calamity in this bar!When he thought of the dozen or so ghost-like figures that had appeared just now, his breathing became somewhat hurried.Murong Hongxue’s subordinates alone had such skills……Then Murong Hongxue’s surname……He suddenly understood.Murong Hongxue was a member of the Murong family!He originally thought that he had taken Murong Hongxue’s power seriously, but now it seemed that he had underestimated her strength.He couldn’t figure it out. When he was abroad, no matter how difficult situations he encountered, they would be solved without any hitch.But why did he feel as if he couldn’t do anything when he returned home?It wasn’t that he couldn’t use it. In fact, he had encountered other things these days, and the results were the same as before.Although there had been some twists and turns at the beginning, in the end, it ended happily with him showing off and slapping everyone’s face.The moment they met the people of the four big families, especially Su Mingyuan, who was a useless piece of trash, the feeling that something was off disappeared.If he kept acting like he couldn’t succeed, someone would always turn around and hit him in the face.It was very annoying!Xiao Ran’s expression was abnormally ugly.Even if he had forty years of true energy, even if no one present was a match for him.However, if he was able to take revenge on the Xiao family by relying on his own martial strength, he would have long since gone to the Mt. Liang.Why did he have to run a huge force outside the country? Why did he have to continue to develop his own power after returning home?Wasn’t it just for the sake of uprooting the Xiao family and exterminating all of them?Not to mention the old monsters of the Xiao family with deep powers hidden in the shadows.Even if his current strength was already at the peak in China, in the Xiao family……Perhaps he could enter the top ten and top five?Therefore, for the sake of revenge, he could not be impulsive. He had to endure it. He had to think of a way to let Murong Hongxue let go of his subordinates, and he had to think of a way to restore his reputation. He was now in the abyss with hidden dragon all around, so he had to endure what ordinary people could not!If he completely offended Murong Hongxue here, there would be no room for recovery. Then, he, the young dragon, who was still accumulating strength, would not be able to develop his power and soar into the sky. He would only be able to swim in shallow waters and be played by shrimps.When Su Mingyuan saw Xiao Ran’s tightly clenched fist loosen slightly, the expression of his struggling eyes that were indeterminate slowly stabilised into a face of compromise.She knew it.This child was going to disappoint her in the end.Alas, this is also good. If Xiao Ran chose to erupt in silence and become enemies with Murong Hongxue, who knew how hard it would be to recover this ruined plot.In fact, I hadn’t expected much from you to begin with. From the moment my sister appeared, I knew that this time was almost over.My thoughts had already flown to the next time I met you.This time, I have summed up my experience and lessons. Next time, I will definitely be able to eliminate all the risk variables and let you play it cool.Don’t cry, child. I will give you opportunity next time.Xiao Ran did not cry right now. He had endured many setbacks and did not need anyone to comfort him. It was just that the feeling of sullenness in his heart was certain to be there.He could only answer Murong Hongxue’s question, “Miss Murong, I’m sorry. It’s my brothers who offended you by not paying attention to the rules. I don’t know what to do to satisfy you and let them go once?”“Very simple.” Murong Hongxue put down her wine cup. A cruel coldness flashed through her eyes as she said indifferently, “If each of them leaves a small thumb, I’ll spare their lives. That’s right, this matter will be handled by you.”Should I do it?Xiao Ran finally loosened fists were clenched hard again.Not only did I have to cut off a thumb from my brothers, but I also had to personally carry out this matter?Murong Hongxue, you are truly cruel!How vicious!“Boss, we’ve done something wrong. Our fists aren’t strong enough, so we admit defeat! Don’t hesitate to attack, my brothers won’t blame you!”Ye Chen had also been quietly urging him to endure.Fortunately, these brothers of his were loyal and devoted. They wouldn’t be caught in such a vicious trap.Even so, Xiao Ran almost couldn’t hold back his anger when he saw the gazes of everyone watching the show.“Alright, I’ll do it!”Gritting his teeth, he took the knife and tray from a waiter and walked towards the mercenaries who had been laid on the ground.“En! Hmph! En!”……A series of muffled grunts could be heard. These mercenaries were also hard-headed, resisting the pain and not letting out miserable cries.Xiao Ran pointed at the dozen or so bloody little fingers on the tray, gritted his teeth and said, “Miss Murong, are you satisfied with this result? You can…… Will you allow me and my brothers to walk out of this bar?”Only then did Murong Hongxue smile.“Someone, throw these disgusting things to the dogs.”She first instructed her subordinates to take the tray with more than ten little fingers and let him throw the things inside to feed the dog.She then looked at Xiao Ran and nodded indifferently. She promised, “You guys can scram now.”It was truly extreme mockery.However, Xiao Ran didn’t say anything. He just brought Ye Chen and his mercenary brothers, who had their little fingers cut off, and left dejectedly.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comSu Mingyuan watched this scene silently, not feeling the slightest heartache or surprise in his heart.Because failure was the mother of success, this failure would only help him achieve greater success in his next performance!What’s more, wasn’t he the one who made Xiao Ran act arrogant and hit his face once?Perhaps the final evaluation would not be very low?When he walked out of the bar, the system’s beep sounded. The performance was over and the settlement was in progress. The settlement was in progress……He couldn’t help but feel a bit excited.He didn’t even need to think about the evaluation of excellence and perfection. He wouldn’t be able to touch the edge even if it was good. Would it be okay if it was just average?When he sat in his Rolls-Royce, perhaps because there were too many factors involved in this performance, the system had not yet completed the evaluation.Su Mingyuan couldn’t help being a little nervous.It’s taken so long to evaluate… Wouldn’t it end up with a failing evaluation?He remembered that he put down his rhetoric in front of the system before entering the door of the bar, and if he failed, he would eat all the tables in the bar on the spot…#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comHe felt a little flustered.Hey, system, what are you doing, why haven’t the results come out yet?Wouldn’t you really give me a bad rating just to make me eat the table?System?***