Su Mingyuan hesitated when he heard Su Xuelan’s suggestion.“Mingyuan, today you asked me to invite Murong Hongxue out for dinner. I didn’t hesitate to agree without asking for any reason. Now I just want to have a good talk with you now, but you are so unwilling?”Su Xuelan’s voice carried a hint of resentment.As long as it was a request from her younger brother, she could willingly pay for him regardless of the reason.But right now, all she wanted to do was lie in bed with her younger brother, but his younger brother was reluctant…Looking at her resentful eyes, what could Su Mingyuan do?Then he could only fight.Su Mingyuan took out his phone from his pocket. “Sis, don’t hug me when you’re on the phone. It’s a little crowded ……”“What’s the matter? When I was young, didn’t you still let me hug you often? Besides, all you need to do when making a call is to move your mouth. A hug won’t disturb you ……”Su Xuelan stubbornly pouted her lips. She didn’t look like a gentle and dignified young miss.Su Mingyuan couldn’t find any reason to refute and could only pick up the phone.He had not expected that when he interacted with Ruoruo earlier, she would call Xiao Ran while giving him a call…In the end, it turned out to be him giving Ruoruo a phone call while his sister Su Xuelan hugged him intimately!It felt a little weird…However, if he thought about it carefully, it didn’t seem to be a problem.They hugged each other… It’s nothing, isn’t it? Ruoruo wouldn’t want to be crooked, right?No, if it was an undercover agent sent by Xiao Ran, she would not have cared about this matter.Unless she really got involved in the show too deeply and fell in love with him.But after thinking about it, he knew that it was impossible.After all, Ruoruo’s acting skills weren’t inferior to hiz acting skills. How could she be affected?Therefore, Su Mingyuan didn’t have to worry as he dialed the number.The phone rang once and Ruoruo, who was waiting in the villa, immediately answered the call.“Brother Mingyuan, are you coming back soon? If you’re hungry, I’ll make you a supper right away ……”Ruoruo’s voice was light and lively. He seemed to be able to see her smiling face when she received the phone call.“Uh… Ruoruo, I’m going home tonight, so I won’t be coming back to sleep. Don’t wait for me, let’s get some rest.”Back…Home…?On the other end of the phone, the smile on Ruoruo’s face disappeared.Didn’t she want to say that this was Brother Mingyuan’s home?However, she suddenly realised that the villa was just a place for Brother Mingyuan.His home was the one with his sister Lan and his parents.Not here.Her mood immediately sank.However, at this moment, perhaps because of the silence, she heard the sound of breathing on the other end of the phone. There seemed to be another breathing sound.It was Su Xuelan blowing at Su Mingyuan.Then, their breathing suddenly disappeared.It was Su Mingyuan who pulled the phone away as if he was trying to hide something.However, his slightly flustered and deliberately lowered voice came from the receiver.“Sis, hiss! Your hand…Wait, what are you doing? I’m calling Ruoruo. Can you not touch ……”“Mingyuan, you were beaten up by Xiao Ran today. I’m concerned about you. What’s wrong with you?”“Sis, I was beaten on my left arm. Why are you touching my clothes? Wait! Don’t ……”Ruoruo’s little face instantly turned deathly pale.At this moment, she hoped that the words she had just heard from her phone were all hallucinations.She even complained about why she had to hold her breath and why her hearing was so sharp that she could hear every word clearly…Previously, she and Brother Mingyuan had used this method to call Xiao Ran, causing him to unknowingly suffer an invisible humiliation.But now…When the roles changed, the person who answered the call became her!On the other side, Su Mingyuan couldn’t take it anymore. He hurriedly said, “Ruoruo, I’ m calling to tell you about this. I’ll be back tomorrow. You rest early. Good night.”He quickly hung up.Ruoruo put down the phone and looked at the lonely moon outside the window, feeling disappointed.To rest early… Good night…Brother Ming Yuan, thank you for calling me and asking me to stop waiting. You told me to rest early.But you’re like this, you’re like this…Wu wu wu, how can you let Ruoruo have a good night?Ruoruo felt very sad.But after a while, she still pulled herself together. After washing up, she quietly laid down in bed.She knew that she couldn’t be too demanding. In this life, it was enough for her to be able to stay by Brother Mingyan’s side.No matter how other sisters fought for the position in the main palace, she only hoped that Brother Mingyuan would left a small position for her in his heart.So, she obediently lay on the bed and prepared to sleep.She had to listen to Brother Mingyuan and have a good rest.Otherwise, what if my brother Mingyuan came back early tomorrow morning and I didn’t get up? What if he couldn’t get my breakfast?Ruoruo obediently covered herself with the blanket and closed her eyes.The bright moon illuminated the window in front of her. Will she be able to fulfill her dream in the future?…………In the car, Su Mingyuan finally let out a sigh of relief after hanging up.He really didn’t expect that once Ruoruo picked up the phone, Su Xuelan, who was holding him, would start attacking him.Although she had a clear conscience and didn’t do it on purpose, for some unknown reason, he felt a sense of guilt.“Mingyuan, you were so nervous just now. What, you like her?”Seeing Su Mingyuan’s reaction, Su Xuelan hooked her finger in his palm and asked with a smile, but a hint of nervousness flashed through her eyes.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comSu Mingyuan thought for a moment and shook his head. “If I want to say that I don’t have the kind of love that a man has for a peerless beauty, I definitely do. But the good feelings and likes between men and women ……”He thought back to his interaction with Ruoruo before, the kiss, the teasing, the accelerated heartbeat, his face flushed red…Then, he said firmly, “Of course not!”It would be strange!A peerless beauty was wandering around in front of you day by day. She was so gentle and considerate towards you, and she even took the initiative to come up and have so many intimate contacts with you, even kissing, you say you don’t have the slightest affection for her?Unless Su Mingyuan was not a man, but a eunuch!Not to mention Ruoruo could add colour to his performance and help him improve his performance evaluation, how could he not like Ruoruo?But he only had a good impression of Ruoruo, because he knew Ruoruo’s true identity – Xiao Ran’s undercover agent.As long as he still treated Ruoruo like this in his heart, then these heartbeats and good feelings would never be transformed into liking, let alone falling in love with her.That was why Su Mingyuan shook his head firmly and said that he didn’t like Ruoruo at all now.And……He had heard of things like brother control, combined with his sister Su Xuelan’s performance just now.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comShe was not defensive about her younger brother, and even took the initiative to be very close. When she sees her younger brother in contact with other women, she will be jealous…Isn’t this a proper sister?How could he be stupid enough to touch her brow?At this time, Su Mingyuan only thought that Su Xuelan was a more possessive sister, but he never imagined that she had a completely different feeling for him other than the love between siblings.When Su Xuelan heard these words, she immediately felt relieved.She could allow Ruoruo to taste some sweetness, but she didn’t want Ruoruo to walk into Mingyuan’s heart before her!“Mingyuan, let’s go home. Tonight, let’s go to bed and have a long talk. We must clear up the previous misunderstanding.”“Okay…let’s talk about it.”On the same bed.She added silently in her heart.***