-bonus chapterWhen Xia Xueqi called, Su Mingyuan was resting on Ruoruo’s lap, enjoying her massage and relaxing with his eyes closed.After receiving Xia Xueqi’s call last night, Su Xuelan spoke to him again.But at that time, he couldn’t listen at all. After all that had happened yesterday, he just wanted to lie down and have a good sleep.However, Su Xuelan, this restless older sister, kept coming up to hug him, causing him not to fall asleep all night.Fortunately, she didn’t go any further.Otherwise, Su Mingyuan might have jumped out of the window and escaped.Sister, it’s not like you’re my wife. Being so intimate with me will only scare me, okay?It wasn’t that he didn’t know that Su Xuelan wasn’t related to him.However, when you acknowledge a person in your heart and sincerely treat her as your sister, it’s very difficult for you to treat her as a woman who can sleep with you.Su Xuelan never would have thought that she would be able to completely eliminate the grudge between the siblings through a heart-to-heart talk in bed. Su Mingyuan gradually recognized her as his sister and a family.However, it imperceptibly pushed herself further and further away from the path of love.Unless…At least for now, Su Mingyuan did not have any feelings for her.Su Xuelan’s overly intimate actions only made him feel nervous. On the contrary, he felt comfortable accepting Ruoruo’s advantages. He even wanted to do more.For example, right now, wasn’t he enjoying the services of this beautiful girl, Ruoruo?“Ding Ling Ling…Ding Ling Ling ……”The phone rang and Xia Xueqi called.Su Mingyuan took it.“Hello, my fiancée. Why are you looking for me?”His tone was very relaxed. After the previous date, his resentment towards Xia Xueqi had completely disappeared.Who told him to take away her first kiss?Yi hee hee…At that time, when he saw the expression of astonishment and embarrassment on this cold beauty’s face the moment her lips were kissed by his lips, he felt extremely happy.Xia Xueqi paused and said, “The incident at the Blue Rose Bar last night put even more pressure on my Xia family, so I had no choice ……”“You want to see me?” Su Mingyuan didn’t wait for her to finish her sentence.Xia Xueqi was silent for a while and gave a cold ‘hmm’. Her voice seemed to be trying to restrain herself.Hai, Xiao Ran, look at what you’ve done!Su Mingyuan sighed in his heart.I remember that last week, you didn’t seem to be as arrogant as you are now. You actually said something like that, but now, the woman you like has been forced to come and date me.Are you satisfied?After that, I will have to trouble myself to help you clean up the aftermath of the plot. So, it’s not impossible to charge some interest, right?After Su Mingyuan made his decision, his tone became frivolous.“Xueqi, aren’t you afraid of another accident like that? I …… again”“Su Mingyuan! You also know that last time, it was just an accident. Do you think I will let you succeed?”“Xueqj, have you forgotten? You said you would call me Mingyuan.”“You…!” Xia Xueqi’s voice rose and fell. After a while, she spoke in a calm tone.“Mingyuan, I’m not worried about what you’re doing to me while you’re on a date. The heavens won’t take care of you every time, and accidents won’t happen every time. I’m just afraid that you ……”“You’re afraid that I’ll refuse. Just like last time, in order to make you feel uncomfortable in the Xia family, I wouldn’t agree to your invitation?” Before Xia Xueqi could finish her sentence again, Su Mingyuan snatched it away.This made her feel choked.She had clearly grasped Mingyuan from start to finish, and she had firmly calculated his mind and actions.But now…It made her feel like she was being held back?“Xueqi, I agree to the invitation, but I have a request.” Su Mingyuan’s tone became serious.He was about to negotiate.Xia Xueqi was prepared to convince Su Mingyuan to go out with her, but she had no choice but to ask, “What… What request?”The coldness in her tone had already softened under Su Mingyuan’s repeated interruptions.This made Su Mingyuan feel very happy because it felt like Xia Xueqi was begging him to do something.“In three days, you can’t appear at Hongyun Building. Hmm… How about this? You went to Blue Rose bar to have dinner with Murong Hongxue that night. You can eat whatever you want and talk about it. Anyway, you should stay there for at least five hours. Isn’t that a simple request?”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comHe stated his conditions.This was the reason why he agreed to date Xia Xueqi without hesitation.This stupid son of Xiao Ran didn’t live up to his expectations and forced his old father to sacrifice a lot of rest time in order to wipe his butt. He had to charge some interest and eat some benefits. He had no reason to blame him, right?Of course, the most important thing was that after yesterday’s lesson, he already knew how to correct his mistakes and perfect his previous plan.Three days later, at the Fortune Building, it was the time and place for the next performance.What if Xia Xueqi suddenly appeared this time to stir up trouble if he didn’t make the preparations in advance?Previously, he had told Xiao Ran in his heart that he wanted to completely eliminate all the variables during the next performance and pretend to be a big boy.Then he must do it!This time, he directly arranged for Murong Hongxue to eat with Xia Xueqi, a possible variable, and another change. Moreover, he set a place for her to not go to Fortune Building that night.Afterwards, he would ask his sister, Su Xuelan, to join them for dinner that night.Fortune Building?The three of you will listen to my arrangements and have a good meal in Blue Rose bar while the sisters chat with each other.I’ll take Ruoruo to Fortune Building, and she will just listen to my instructions.All the risk variables were eliminated. At that time, the Fortune Building would be a diagonal play between him and Xiao Ran.Su Mingyuan didn’t believe that Xiao Ran couldn’t pretend to be so big.This time, it was impossible for anything to go wrong!Fail? Pass?This time, even if he only showed 50% of his acting skills, he would definitely casually get a good or even excellent evaluation, right?Su Mingyuan’s heart was once again full of confidence.To his surprise, Xia Xueqi also agreed to his conditions.The two agreed to meet at the lakeside restaurant where they last met at noon tomorrow.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comThen, Su Mingyuan got up from Ruoruo’s lap pillow.Seeing Ruoruo’s depressed mood, he scratched her little face.“Ruoruo, what’s the matter, not happy to hear that I’m going on a date with Xia Xueqi?”“No… no.”Ruoruo raised her little face, looked at him, forced a smile and said,“If Brother Mingyuan, you think you can be happy dating Sister Xia, then I…why would I feel uncomfortable? Actually, I would…also be very happy…”But her pitiful little face and her eyes were filled with reluctance and loss.***