“Ruoruo, your little face is crumpled up into a ball. If you shed a few more tears, you’ll probably become a little cat-faced. Do you still think you’re not uncomfortable?”Su Mingyuan pinched Ruoruo’s cheek in amusement before gently scraping her nose.“Alright, there’s nothing between Xia Xueqi and I. She hates me so much. This date is just a formal one. Don’t be sad.”But Sister Xueqi clearly doesn’t hate you at all!If she said that nothing would happen, then something would definitely happen!Ruoruo looked at Su Mingyuan, who was in the dark. In the end, she did not say anything. She just sniffed and stopped her uncontrollable emotions.#[email protected]“I… I got it ……”“Alright, Little Blossom Cat. Looking at you, those who don’t know think you’re the newly wedded wife that I’ve just married, afraid that I’ll go out and have sex.”“I… I… !” Ruoruo suddenly had a thousand words in her heart that she wanted to pour out.However, when she thought of the last time when she gathered up the courage to confess in front of her brother Mingyuan, she was laughed at. Her timidity and shyness gradually gained the upper hand.She didn’t want to experience such a scene again.Even so, Su Mingyuan’s heart trembled slightly when he saw her pitiful expression.This adorable little girl, I really want to bully her.Therefore, he lowered his head and whispered into Ruoruo’s ear.“Ruoruo, if you’re afraid that I’m going out to cheat, why don’t you take me first…What do you think?” He asked.#[email protected]On Ruoruo’s face, two brilliant red clouds could be seen.Could it be that they were going to do it with Brother Mingyuan…Something like that…?Ah, so nervous! Yes…If I wanted to take the initiative, I… I’m not ready…“Hahaha, if you haven’t made up your mind yet, I can give you a taste of my lips to relieve your thirst.”Su Mingyuan caressed Ruoruo’s burning red cheeks and his tone was full of teasing.“Brother Mingyuan, you… You’re bullying me again…!”Ruoruo raised her head, her eyes filled with water and mist. Her little mouth pouted gently as she looked at him with grievance.And then…She reached out and wrapped her arms around his neck. She tiptoed and spoke!Although I can’t take the initiative like that…But at least at this moment, I would still dare to take over Brother Mingyuan’s kiss!“Hmm…!”Su Mingyuan’s eyes suddenly widened and his expression slowly relaxed. He reached out to wrap his arms around Ruoruo’s slender waist and closed his eyes to enjoy the juicy lips……………In the study room.Su Mingyuan touched his lips with reluctance. There seemed to be a lingering fragrance on his lips.“Ruoruo, aren’t you afraid that you’ll fall in love with me if you really get deep into the show?”He mumbled to himself.But if Ruoruo fell in love with him…It seemed… not bad either?In any case, as long as the main storyline involving him could go smoothly, how would the future relationship between Xiao Ran and Ruoruo develop?What does it have to do with him?Besides, Xiao Ran, my son, that is your sister!Although it wasn’t a kiss, you can’t have that kind of beastly thoughts. Su Xuelan and I aren’t kissing either. Don’t I treat her like my sister and have no other thoughts?It had to be said that because of the poor information, Ruoruo, Su Xuelan, Xia Xueqi and even Murong Hongxue’s hard work made Su Mingyuan’s performance not get a high evaluation.They thought they were helping Su Mingyuan vent his anger, but they were actually angering him.However, their actions did have an impact on Su Mingyuan.Su Mingyuan had originally only treated these female leads as Xiao Ran’s women, but now…This thought slowly changed.Su Mingyuan took out a bottle of red wine that had been aged for 30 years from the cupboard next to him. As he slowly refined it, he picked up the phone and started to assign tasks to his subordinates.As the eldest young master of the Su family, he naturally had subordinates he could command, and the person he trusted the most was called Su Li.In the last week, he had instructed Su Li to do many secret things. Not only did Su Li complete it well, but he didn’t betray him until he died according to the plot.So in the end, before the end of his life, he secretly arranged a good place for Su Li, as a compensation for this subordinate who was loyal to him.This week, there were also some hidden matters that needed to be handled by Su Li.He had already used his previous week’s performance to win Su Mingyuan’s trust!Actually, Su Mingyuan didn’t want him to do much. The main thing was that when he acted as a villain, he would sometimes have to hurt innocent people. Out of peace of mind, he would secretly send Su Li to compensate them.This time, it was the same.The waitress by the name of Li Shuang was frightened by him. It just so happened that her mother was seriously ill and needed money, so he planned to have Su Li arrange someone to cure her.There was also the female employee who had peed in fright at Xia Xueqi’s Xuanmei Company when she was leading the way. Su Mingyuan also asked Su Li to find an excuse, such as winning a prize, to secretly give her a sum of money.He had done the same thing last week.There was nothing he could do. As the eldest young master of the Su family, he had nothing else besides a lot of money.However, he had to keep these matters a secret and never reveal them. Otherwise, his plot would collapse. How would he act in the future?Su Li had done a good job in the past week, so it was obvious that this week would not disappoint him.After giving Su Li a call, Su Mingyuan slowly drank the wine in his cup and prepared to get down to business.First of all, he had a total of 800 villain points on him.He could finally buy a 500-point [Radiant Jade One Year of True Qi (Permanent)] from the System Store to strengthen himself.From now on, he was no longer a weakling!Although he wasn’t that strong, at least he had the strength of a retired Special Forces soldier or something. He could beat them one by one without even breathing!He immediately spent 500 points. He closed his eyes and enjoyed the energy invading him from the System.Cool!Wonderful!It was only slightly worse than the wonderful feeling of kissing Ruoruo.Su Mingyuan opened his eyes and clenched his fists. He felt the energy and strength in his body.How can you cultivate with it?And then, is how to remedy the plot.There were two most disastrous consequences of that performance last night.First, Xiao Ran’s reputation had become stinky, and it would be slower and more difficult to make friends with the powerful and develop his forces in the future.Second, the line between Xiao Ran and Murong Hongxue was completely cut off. Not only did he not gain Murong Hongxue’s admiration for his courageous actions, but he offended her instead.And if there was no way to help him get Murong Hongxue’s understanding and ease the relationship between the two, his security company would not be able to open, and many subsequent plots would not be connected, and even Su Mingyuan’s plot would be greatly affected!Therefore, the top priority was to find a way to ease the relationship between the two, at least to obtain Murong Hongxue’s consent first, so that Xiao Ran’s security company could open.As for Xiao Ran’s reputation, how to restore it?Son, your father, I have helped you so much, and you are still not fighting back, trying to figure out a way to solve this problem by yourself?You are the Son of Destiny, the protagonist of the world, holding the protagonist’s halo and the halo of wisdom, you must have some role to play, right?Your dad, I can’t be your safe haven forever. When the child is older, he should know how to share some pressure with his parents.Do your best in this matter, don’t ask me to hold the giant baby in the end!Su Mingyuan was about to set off to persuade Murong Hongxue.And to convince Murong Hongxue, his identity was obviously useless.To convince her, he must rely on real strength, and he must also seize the weakness in her heart.It just so happened that, as a traveler who had read the entire novel “Urban Supremacy”, Su Mingyuan knew Murong Hongxue’s weaknesses very well.As for strength…His eyes fell on the Radiant Jade Ten Years of True Qi (One-day Duration)] worth 100 strengthening points in the system store.And the same value of 100 points [white knight suit (unless you take off your mask after wearing it, no one can see your true identity, slightly increase your movement speed, you can store it in the system space at any time)]Then he decided to buy it without hesitation.From now on, he was not the villain Su Mingyuan.He was a white knight in a vest!***