Xiao Ran’s anger was extinguished by Murong Hongxue’s icy sarcasm.He slowly relaxed his tight fist, and the burning anger on his face receded. Even the arrogance that had just been born was completely extinguished.Yes, if he didn’t accept this condition, his security business would remain a dream, and he wouldn’t even be able to enjoy 30% of the profit.The most important thing was that his subsequent plans would not be completed at all.Thinking of his follow-up plan, the pressure of revenge on his shoulders, and even the junior brother who he never met, but still helped him. He could not imagine what price he paid to facilitate this meeting…#please read this chapter at wondernovels.comHe suppressed his anger, sat down, and gave a forced smile to Murong Hongxue.This meant that he did not dare to disrespect her, and chose to return to the negotiating table again, jumping into Murong Hongxue’s home court.“Miss Murong, 70% is a little… too much. How about we split five to five, five to five?”“Fifty percent…”“It’s not impossible…”Murong Hongxue was now like a devil who played with people’s feelings.Her words, even a change in tone, easily aroused Xiao Ran’s inner nervousness.“After all, I don’t want to force you too hard. 50%, Xiao Ran, I’ll give your junior brother a face and split the profit by 50%. I agree.”“Sigh……”Xiao Ran let out a long sigh of relief, feeling a trace of happiness in his heart at that moment.For many years, he had never experienced such a situation where he suffered extreme depression, but he had to show a smile to others.It was that mysterious white-clothed junior brother again…He facilitated this negotiation, and also made Murong Hongxue agree to the request for a 50-50 split…At this moment, his heart was full of gratitude for this mysterious junior brother.“But other than that, Xiao Ran, if you want to cooperate with me, you have one more thing to do.”At this moment, Murong Hongxue’s words echoed softly, and Xiao Ran’s relaxed and happy mood was instantly destroyed and disintegrated, and nervousness instantly assaulted his heart.“What’s up?”“It’s a very simple matter.” Murong Hongxue raised a finger and finally said her real request,“The next time you see Su Mingyuan in public, apologise to him in person.”“Apologise to Su Mingyuan… face to face?”As soon as he heard Su Mingyuan’s name, Xiao Ran couldn’t help but lose control of his emotions.The scene of that night was still vivid in his mind. The grievances and infamy he suffered were all because of that scoundrel, but now, Murong Hongxue actually asked him to apologise to Su Mingyuan?#please read this chapter at wondernovels.comMoreover, in public?Su Xuelan had strength and skill, and she could mobilise most of the resources of the Su family.Not to mention Murong Hongxue, she was ruthless and had single-handedly built her underground empire.He, Xiao Ran, was forced to bow his head once to them because of the situation, but… how could he do that in front of Su Mingyuan, ignorant and incompetent scumbag?“Why?!” he demanded.“Just because he is the eldest son of the Su family, and because you made a mistake and did something wrong that night!”Murong Hongxue’s voice suddenly became cold and stern, and even trace of killing intent was laced to her words.“Xiao Ran, it’s not that I want you to publicly apologise to Su Mingyuan, but the Su family and the Xia family! Your remarks that night insulted these two families! You publicly apologise to Su Mingyuan and show an humble attitude , so that I can become the middle-man, mediating between both of you. In this way, I can do business with you at ease. And if you don’t want to…”She smiled sarcastically at Xiao Ran. “Do you think I will take the risk of offending the two great families and choose to cooperate with someone who has no background and no power like you?”Xiao Ran’s fist suddenly became clenched again.He did not know why.Bowing to Su Xuelan was okay.Being submissive in front of Murong Hongxue was also acceptedHowever, bowing his head in front of Su Mingyuan and apologising to this scoundrel under a huge crowd, especially with his identity was Xueqi’s fiancé…Xiao Ran was extremely unwilling in his heart!“Xiao Ran, since you can ask me to be soft on your business, it shouldn’t be difficult to apologise to Su Mingyuan in public, right?” Murong Hongxue said with a light smile.Xiao Ran just clenched his fists and did not speak.“Oh, forget it, looking at you, obviously you aren’t willing.”She indifferently threw out a business card to him.“Then when you think about it, and decide to apologise to Su Mingyuan in the next public meeting, you can call me on the number above.”“Now, you can go back and think about what I said.”Murong Hongxue dismissed Xiao Ran away mercilessly, “See a visitor out!”With a look of resentment, Xiao Ran and his subordinate Nick left Jinxiu Residence.The negotiation result was not good for him, but it wasn’t too bad either.As long as he could let go of his self-esteem and apologise to Su Mingyuan…And this was the real purpose of Murong Hongxue’s negotiation.When would be the next time Xiao Ran and Mingyuan would meet?Hongyun Building two days later, where the plot would take place.After the last lesson, the will of the world would definitely suppress Mingyuan. So, he took away these variables in advance in order to make the next plot perfectly follow the novel.It was like the last time Mingyuan tried to ask his sister Su Xuelan to come for a dinner date and keep the two of them away from the place where the plot took place.Mingyuan would be humiliated by Xiao Ran like what happened in the plot.She, Murong Hongxue, would never allow it!Before that, neither she nor Su Xuelan dared to disrupt the plot for fear that the World Will would punish Mingyuan.They all had to wait until Xiao Ran pretended to slap Su Mingyuan’s face successfully before they dared to come on stage to reverse the situation. They stepped on Xiao Ran under their feet, and let him feel the intense humiliation and discomfort after the reversal.And now…Even if Xiao Ran was the chosen son of the will of the world, the son of destiny, the protagonist of the world. He chose to be slapped in the face by Mingyuan, because of his own reasons. He did not let things develop according to the plot of the novel…What qualifications and reasons do you have to punish and blame Mingyuan?A sneer appeared on the corner of Murong Hongxue’s mouth.This time, although she couldn’t help Mingyuan beat Xiao Ran back.But she could do better than last time, better than those other women!Because this time, after Xiao Ran slapped Mingyuan in the face, she hurried to save the scene and reversed the situation.Because this time, she wanted Xiao Ran to take the initiative to stretch his face over and let Mingyuan slap him.