He even grabbed Xia Xueqi’s hand excitedly, trembling so incoherently that he couldn’t even utter a whole sentence, “Xia Xueqi, you…you…”“What’s wrong with me?”Xia Xueqi had a winner’s smile on her face, and squeezed his face lightly, “Mingyuan, after I guessed the truth, you’ve been so nervous and panicked that you can’t even speak completely?”When Su Mingyuan saw Xia Xueqi’s smug face, he couldn’t help but feel more ecstasy in his heart, and even wanted to laugh inexplicably.Xia Xueqi…what’s wrong with you?He automatically added what he wanted to say but was too excited to say it in his mind:You are right!You guessed it well!Exactly!Everything is as you guessed.I, Su Mingyuan, am kind by nature and not bad by nature, but for the sake of my family, I chose to endure humiliation for my sister, so I had to act as a playboy to relax everyone’s vigilance.You are so smart, so accurate, so right, so good!I’m like, how could that kind of thing happen, right?The reason why you Xia Xueqi didn’t see that I was acting last week was because we didn’t have any interaction except when the plot appeared. In your mind, I was always that disgusting dude.And this week, after these two dates, through your attention to me, your ingenuity finally played a role and found out that I was acting!But……You guessed wrong!Completely opposite, hahahaha!That’s right, who can guess about things like transmigrators and systems?What was I nervous about at first?I don’t need to panic at all, don’t be afraid!Just now, Su Mingyuan was almost completely defeated by Xia Xueqi’s words and fell into the abyss, almost believing the absurd and terrible guess in his mind.Is Xia Xueqi reborn?So Ruoruo is also reborn? Sister Su Xuelan too? Murong Hongxue too?Then their broken characters are all because of rebirth?How could it be possible!The System said it all.In the last week, because of his crossing, the will of the world and the source were damaged, which caused the collapse of the plot.And this week, because of that damn time turbulence, because of his entering and exiting again, the will of the world had been hurt even more, so not only the plot began to collapse, but the heroine also began to collapse.This was the most normal and reasonable explanation!Were the female protagonists reborn?How was this possible?Then why didn’t Xiao Ran also be reborn?Such an absurd guess, it really was me thinking wildly.Further damage to the will of the world would had caused more collapse of the world.The plot was messed up, and the female protagonist’s setting had changed. Wasn’t this a very logical reasoning?#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comI am afraid that when the Overlord is completely gone, even Xiao Ran, who is the protagonist of the world, will change his personality, right?At this moment, Su Mingyuan was completely relieved.It also completely threw this ridiculous guessing idea out of my mind.Seeing Xia Xueqi oppressing him from top to bottom like a queen, she pinched his cheek frivolously, with a victorious face.Su Mingyuan almost couldn’t help laughing.What aura of oppression, what swear words, Xia Xueqi, do you think you are a hunter who caught a prey?Do you think I’m still the poor little lamb you just held and controlled?Innocent!Now, the one who fell into the trap of wrong guessing and was smug enough to be deceived by me is you!I must hold back, hold back!Don’t laugh!I can’t go wrong at this time, lose the chain, and let her see the flaw again!Ah, at this time, my acting skills should come into play.If I want to act realistically and thoroughly, let her continue to be complacent like this, and let her believe that her own guess is right and correct!Let her be completely deceived by me!Offensive and defensive have been reversed, and skilled hunters often appear as prey.I, Su Mingyuan, seem to be a loser, but she has pierced through my mind and seen through my heart and there is nothing to hide.But in fact, I am the real winner, the winner!Xia Xueqi, you always look like you are in control of everything, cool, arrogant and powerful.But now you probably don’t know that the person who was fooled, deceived and suppressed, was you?Once his heart did not panic, the smart IQ once again occupied the high ground.Su Mingyuan’s acting skills could be brought into full play again.He started to pretend.Suppressing the ecstasy in his heart, he performed a performance as if he was oppressed to the point of suffocation. He first took a few breaths of air, then stuck his neck and blushed. His movements were intense and flustered, his voice was fast and loud, and he even carried a nervous shiver, “Xia Xueqi, you are just talking nonsense! Why would I be afraid of the fear of the three major families? Why do I want to push my sister to the top? It has nothing to do with me, Su Mingyuan! What do I want to do, what I want to say, I still need it. Dress? Do you think I can dress? Do you think I’m an actor?#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“You are talking about here and there, full of nonsense, obviously you are completely guessing, and you look like you are holding me, what are you proud of? You think you won, guess what? By the way, can you use this as a threat to control me? Let me tell you, Xia Xueqi, you are completely fantasising in the daytime, you are just dreaming!”