Originally, an apology was the punishment one would receive when you offend someone.As a result, not only did he not accept the punishment now, but he also delusionally wanted to offend him again, offend him severely at that, and then let the other party let him go in the form of an apology?Now, he was irrational.From the first sight of Su Mingyuan at the gate of Hongyun Building, the flame in his heart began to burn more and more vigorously.He just couldn’t hold his breath.He just couldn’t.He just had to win!“Su Mingyuan, don’t talk nonsense, your background and power, Young Master Su, can’t threaten me! Now we are in a fair auction, whoever bids more will win. So…”“Heh,” he looked at Su Mingyuan’s disdainful eyes, suddenly revealed a sneer, and shouted loudly, “I, Xiao Ran, raise my placard here again to make a bid—”“Twenty million!”Whoa!Xiao Ran suddenly made this move, which completely caused an uproar in the audience!Su Mingyuan’s face suddenly turned ugly.Because no one thought that when Xiao Ran showed 15 million and offered a higher price, he would actually take the initiative again to increase the price by 5 million, raising the price of this ancient jade to a total of 20 million!#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comThe momentum on his body, his eyes, his aura and actions were telling everyone in the audience one thing:This ancient jade, he, Xiao Ran, was bound to get it! Come, come and bid with me! I have nothing but money!“Xiao Ran, do you really want to fight with me?”The contempt and disdain in Su Mingyuan’s eyes disappeared. He looked at Xiao Ran, the coldness and threatening murderousness in his eyes almost materialising.“Don’t forget your current situation!”“Situation? What situation? Su Mingyuan, don’t use these things to scare me! I won’t eat this!”Seeing Su Mingyuan’s anxious appearance, Xiao Ran fell in a relaxed and high-spirited mood.“As soon as you, Su Mingyuan, came up, you showed 10 million yuan to shock the audience, and then used your aura and background to secretly threaten and oppress these people, so that they would not dare to fight with you. In that way, you only need to spend 10 million to win. This precious ancient jade whose actual value is many times higher than ten million, do you think I don’t know your plan?”Looking at Su Mingyuan, whose face became even more ugly after his true purpose was revealed, Xiao Ran’s mouth slowly widened, revealing a teasing smile.“You really think that no one dares to compete with you, do you think you succeeded? Haha, now, you come to continue bidding with me, and see which of us has the last laugh!”Su Mingyuan stood up abruptly and looked down at Xiao Ran, who was smiling all over his face.“Okay, want to fight with me, right? Make a bid with me, right?”He sat down, took a sip of tea in a hurry, almost choked, then twisted his neck, looked at Xiao Ran with a bad look, and shouted, “Thirty million!”“Thirty-five million!”The moment his voice fell, Xiao Ran immediately added five million without hesitation.He looked at Su Mingyuan fearlessly, and even spread his hands towards him, indicating that come if you have the guts to continue fighting with me.Su Mingyuan was so angry that he gritted his teeth, and his chest rose and fell violently. He took another sip of tea and suppressed his chaotic mood before shouting loudly, “Forty million!”“Forty-five million!”Xiao Ran immediately increased the price by 5 million just as he finished speaking. Seeing Su Mingyuan’s face twisted with anger, he couldn’t help but want to laugh#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comSu Mingyuan, this trashy bastard, doesn’t know the true value of spiritual jade, and his psychological bottom line is estimated to be around 20 to 30 million. Now he is competing with me purely for the sake of fighting for a breath.But even if Su Mingyuan is rich, these tens of millions are not petty money. If he just wastes it to fight with others, he still has to consider whether it is worth it!He was very unhappy with Xiao Ran. He could overwhelm the opponent with money. Of course, he wanted to directly throw the money and trample the opponent to death.But he continued to bid with Xiao Ran and spent tens of millions or even hundreds of millions to buy such a piece of ancient jade whose origin was unknown.It was under these two contradictory minds that Su Mingyuan was so excited by Xiao Ran that he seemed so angry.“How is it, Master Su, I bid 45 million, do you still want to fight with me?”Xiao Ran looked at him with a smile on his face, seeing him both angry and a little hesitant, and his heart was very happy.Then he shook his head at Su Mingyuan contemptuously, and raised the corners of his mouth in disdain, as if saying he couldn’t do it.Su Mingyuan was immediately provoked, his blood rushed to his head, and he shouted, “Fifty million!”Almost.Seeing that Su Mingyuan was so angry that he was provoked by him, Xiao Ran was not going to raise the price any more.Because he still had a trick.The real owner of this ancient jade, Zhao Liteng, as long as he was willing, the auction house would abide by the owner’s advice and attribute the auction to the person with the second highest bid.That was Xiao Ran.So of course he was not ready to bid.Because he couldn’t wait to see Su Mingyuan thought that he could breathe a sigh of relief, and spent 50 million to finally win the ancient jade, but he was suddenly told that the ancient jade was sold under the master’s wishes. It belonged to him, Xiao Ran.The look of shock, disbelief, and then exasperation.“Fifty million, the first time!”At this time, seeing that Xiao Ran had not bid for a long time, the auctioneer started the first bid.Xiao Ran didn’t respond, just put down the sign and looked at Su Mingyuan with a sneer.“Fifty million, the second time!”“Wild dog, why don’t you hold a sign, why don’t you continue barking? You can’t get so much money, so you dare not fight with your uncle? Then what are you doing standing there? Why don’t you kneel before me? Down!”Su Mingyuan’s sarcasm only made Xiao Ran’s smile widen, and he looked forward to the next scene even more.“Fifty million, the third… Wait! The owner of the lot has contacted me privately. There may be changes in this auction. Please wait a moment.”Just as the auctioneer was about to drop the hammer to announce the result. At the moment when Su Mingyuan’s heart was hanging tightly and he  pretended to be arrogant and proud.At the last minute, Zhao Liteng finally got in touch with the auctioneer, opening the final reversal for Xiao Ran.The audience was in uproar again.Looking at Xiao Ran’s confident look watching a good show, and looking at Su Mingyuan’s somewhat panicked expression on stage.Could it be…Is it really possible for this young master of the Su family to be slapped in the face by this Xiao Ran tonight?At this moment, Su Mingyuan sat paralyzed on the sofa, looking surprised and flustered and didn’t know what happened, but he breathed a sigh of relief.It’s done.It’s done!After eliminating all interfering variables, everything seemed so smooth and natural.It’s so natural!He knew that in this broken novel world, only Xiao Ran would not disappoint him.And he did!As expected of the cub he had worked so hard to cultivate last week!Now, just waiting for the final reversal to completely smash his face , all the plots would be completed perfectly.And he would finally get the perfect performance evaluation for this week’s goal for the first time.Everything was really getting better!Woohoo, after the previous three failures, has this day finally arrived?Su Mingyuan was very moved.Under the stage, Xiao Ran couldn’t help clenching his fists excitedly, imagining the next scene of beating Su Mingyuan’s face.He was already very cool now, and he would be even cooler in the future!So cool!However, just as the auctioneer stepped down to communicate with Zhao Liteng, an abrupt bell rang in the venue.“Jingle bell~Jingle bell~”Xiao Ran took out his mobile phone and saw a text message from Murong Hongxue, which instantly knocked his soaring mood into an abyss.[I heard that you ran into Su Mingyuan at Hongyun Building tonight? Don’t forget the terms we negotiated before. The opportunity seems to be in your hands. As for whether you can grasp it or not, it is up to you.]At this moment, all his anger and soaring mood were instantly extinguished by this text message.Xiao Ran suddenly calmed down and realized what stupid thing he had done.***