After singing a few more songs, under the enthusiastic applause of the surrounding audience, and respectful gazes of the wandering singers who were worshipping the God of Singing.Su Mingyuan turned around and waved his sleeve. He didn’t stay long and left confidently.Although this wasn’t a big deal, it couldn’t even be considered a show-off.But he felt very happy.At this moment, he did not know that when he was playing a song on the bridge, everyone was intoxicated by his singing.Su Xuelan was quietly listening to Li Shuang. His image in Li Shuang’s eyes had been completely overturned.He didn’t know that someone in the crowd had already secretly recorded the video and was preparing to post it online. He was about to create a storm online.However, even if his video became popular online, Su Mingyuan wouldn’t feel the slightest bit of emotion.The person playing guitar and singing on the bridge was a knight in white. What does it have to do with him, Su Mingyuan?In any case, it was impossible for anyone to recognize his true identity. The white-robed knight suit was produced by the System, so the camouflage effect was excellent.He was hungry, so he went home to find Ruoruo for dinner!When he returned to the villa, the gentle and considerate Ruoruo had indeed prepared the food in advance. The aroma was overflowing from the dining table, and the dishes were all his favourite.Su Mingyuan wondered if he would be able to take care of Ruoruo one day if this continued…Damn bad woman, is this how you want to conquer and control me?Then let me tell you, you miscalculated!Because maybe before that, I’ll let you into the show too deeply and fall in love with me!Humph! Humph!Su Mingyuan didn’t realise that his current state of mind had changed a lot since the beginning.Before this, he would never have such thoughts in his heart. He would never take the initiative to make the female lead in the plot fall in love with him.Those were Xiao Ran’s harem. What if the female lead fell in love with him and caused the plot to collapse and affect his plot line?In the past, he wouldn’t even think about such risky thoughts.But now…He was afraid that after Ruoruo fell in love with him, he wouldn’t be able to do better in the future when he, Ruoruo, and Xiao Ran were in the plot. He would let Ruoruo listen to his instructions and cooperate with him to complete a perfect performance?Moreover, this was Xiao Ran’s sister, his most trusted relative.If he, Su Mingyuan, had made Ruoruo fall in love with him, the villain, Xiao Ran’s mortal enemy. This feeling, hiss! It was simply…For some reason, Su Mingyuan became excited.At this moment, Su Mingyuan saw that Ruoruo wasn’t paying attention when she was eating. He smeared a grain of rice on the corner of her mouth.“Ruoruo.”“What’s wrong, Brother Mingyuan?” Ruoruo tilted her head and looked at him curiously.Little Cat tilted his head. jpgMengmeng died!Su Mingyuan pointed at the corner of his mouth and smiled at her. “There’s rice here.”“Ah!”Ruoruo called out shyly and hurriedly reached out to remove the rice grain from his face. However, Su Mingyuan suddenly reached out to grab her arm and stopped her.Then, he smiled and stretched out his other hand towards Ruoruo’s face, and his index finger was slightly raised as he picked up the rice and put it into his mouth.Ruoruo’s expression was first confused, then surprised, and finally shy and sweet.Especially when she saw her brother Mingyuan put the rice into his own mouth. The blush on her face instantly made her look more beautiful than the sunset.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comCute and tempting!Ruoruo felt as if she had eaten honey in her heart, and even her eyes seemed to be flowing with a trace of shy nectar.The blush on her face made people want to eat her!“Brother Mingyuan, you… You actually don’t have to do this…” She said shyly, but her heart bloomed as beautifully as a flower. The smile on her face couldn’t be hidden.Su Mingyuan touched her cute little face and said with a smile, “Then if one day the corners of my mouth are stained with rice, what would you do?”Ruoruo blinked shyly and said, “Of course… Of course, it was just like what Brother Mingyuan did. He reached out to help take it off and then ……”“That’s not right! What you did was wrong!” Su Mingyuan suddenly grabbed her arm and cut her off.“Wrong.. Wrong?” Ruoruo’s expression was a little stunned.“Ruoruo, let me teach you the correct method.”Su Mingyuan walked up to her with a smile, and his handsome face was getting closer and closer to her. Finally, his lips moved closer to her ear and he gently breathed out heat towards her sensitive earlobe.“You should take the initiative to eat the rice grains at the corner of my mouth just like I did, but you shouldn’t use your hands during the entire process. You should take the initiative to come over and use your moist lips ……”When he said this, Su Mingyuan’s lips had already moved along her earlobe and slowly reached her burning red cheeks to her mouth.The distance between his lips and hers was so close that they could kiss each other as long as he lowered his head and she raised her head.“…… Gently covering my cheeks and eating the naughty rice. Then ……”He gently exhaled a scorching breath filled with provocative hints towards Ruoruo, and his fingers hooked her chin, his eyes full of aggression.“……Then, you should seize this opportunity and take the initiative to kiss me. Got it, cute kitten?”At this moment, Su Mingyuan’s smile was filled with seduction and temptation in Ruoruo’s eyes, causing her heart to beat wildly.“Brother Mingyuan ……”She raised her head slightly and her tender voice revealed a trace of charm. Her sweet and sweet red lips, which were like rose petals, instantly kissed Su Mingyuan’s lips.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com………………The next morning.The sun was shining brightly. The world seemed to be much brighter because of Su Mingyuan’s relaxed and cheerful mood.After eating Ruoruo’s loving breakfast, Xia Xueqi seemed to be afraid that he would forget his appointment today. She even sent him a message to remind him not to forget his appointment today.How could he forget?It wasn’t just Ruoruo’s sweet lips. He still remembered the wonderful kiss he had with Xia Xueqi.Xia Xueqi, this bad woman looks so cold and arrogant, but he didn’t expect her lips to taste cold and soft…At the same time, Fairview Building.Murong Hongxue was quietly waiting for Xiao Ran to come to the appointment.She suppressed infinite expectations in her heart, not because she was going to meet Xiao Ran later, but because after the negotiation with Xiao Ran was finished, she could use her identity as a young lady to make an appointment with Mingyuan.Ah, I’m really looking forward to seeing Mingyuan soon…Murong Hongxue squeezed her legs slightly, and there was a hint of longing in her charming peach-like eyes.***