Xia Xueqi was beautiful.If he wanted to use one word to describe her, she would be an iceberg beauty.If he had to add a prefix to this word.Then she was an iceberg beauty with a venomous tongue.Though, she had a devilish figure.It was a perfect S-shaped figure. The fabric that proudly supported her full chest narrowed down to her slender waist. Finally, it drew out an alluring arc where it was as round and plump as a peach.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comShe was also very tall, and had a pair of extremely seductive and slender long legs. The pair of slender legs were wrapped in tight, elastic black silk, and a pair of artistic lotus were imprinted on her high heels.Every time the crisp sound of high heels hammering the ground echoed, it shook the heartstrings of countless men. It immediately triggered the reverie and desire to conquer deep in his heart.This body was so tempting, it was definitely not excessive to describe her as a peerless beauty.However, what was different from this charming figure which could cause nosebleeds, that she had a cold and inviolable temperament all year round, a cold and aloof aura.Her skin was as white as the swirling snow in the sky. Her eyes were clear and cold, which reminded people of the snow lotus on the Sky Mountain. On her beautiful face, there was always a cold and proud expression.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comUnder this kind of aura, people would subconsciously ignore her alluring figure, and beyond her stern gaze, they felt an ice-cold purity that they did not dare to invade.Moreover, when she taunted you with her venomous tongue, it would make you subconsciously feel a trace of shame in your heart. It felt like you had done something wrong and stained a pure Snow Lotus.But at this moment, this icy beauty, the noble Snow Lotus, had fallen into an awkward situation under the pressure of Third Uncle Xia and Su Mingyuan’s words.Unknowingly, a faint blush of anger rose on that elegant and cold face.Xiao Ran was nervous and Su Mingyuan was looking forward to it. Xiao Ruoruo was quietly observing the changes.But Third Uncle Xia could no longer sit still.He felt that his elder’s dignity had been provoked!Not only did Xia Xueqi not listen to his elder’s advice, but Su Mingyuan had taken a step back and she still remained silent.Third Uncle Xia was annoyed.“Xia Xueqi! If you don’t listen to what I’m saying, and if you don’t listen to what Xiao Su has given you, what are you thinking?! For the sake of a mere outsider, you rejected Little Su’s face and refused to listen to my advice! I’d like to ask you if you don’t know your surname, Xia!”“Shut up!”Xia Xueqi suddenly exploded.She stood straight and looked at Third Uncle Xia with a bone-chilling cold gaze.“Xia Chengquan, this is not the Xia family. This is my company! I have the final say here! What status do you have? A mere administrative director dares to point fingers at me here!”“Xia Xueqi, you…!”Third Uncle Xia didn’t expect Xia Xueqi to dare to call him by his name in front of so many people and insult him as an elder.He was so angry that smoke came out of his seven orifice. He pointed at Xia Xueqi’s stern and dignified face and wanted to say something, but his throat was choked with anger.Bang!Xia Xueqi slammed the table and looked at him coldly, ordering him word by word.“Director Xia, I order you to sit down immediately!”Third Uncle Xia jumped in fright. The finger that was pointing at Xia Xueqi was trembling slightly.As an elder, he actually felt a trace of anger in front of Xia Xueqi’s stern and angry eyes… and also fear.Xia Xueqi looked at him and spoke in a cold and intimidating tone.“Xia Chengquan, I never give anyone a second chance.”Third Uncle Xia wanted to say something to save the situation before him and change everyone’s opinion of him. He didn’t want to be rejected by a junior and become a joke.But the moment he met Xia Xueqi’s cold gaze.His eyes flinched.He pointed at Xia Xueqi’s finger and put it down, trembling.Then, this middle-aged man, who had been using his seniority to scold Xia Xueqi, covered his old face.Silence.B*stard.She returned to her seat.‘Xia Xueqi, you are too… too good!’‘No, it should be said that you did a great job. You did a great job!’Su Mingyuan and Xiao Ran cheered for Xia Xueqi’s performance.However, of course, the matter would not end here because ordering Third Uncle Xia to sit down was just an appetiser. What Xiao Ran really needed was for him, Su Mingyuan, to be slapped in the face by Xia Xueqi!Therefore, even if Xia Xueqi’s aura was fully unleashed and she ruled the place, looking so dignified and inviolable.However, Su Mingyuan wanted to light a fire at this critical moment.Pa!Pa!Pa!He actually clapped his hands at this moment. The clapping sound suddenly echoed exceptionally clear and loud in the silent meeting room.One by one, it was like slapping someone.Su Mingyuan clapped and sneered at Xia Xueqi.“Xia Xueqi, you’ve really grown up now. You dare to show off your attitude to your elders? It’s just as Third Uncle Xia said. You don’t know how high the sky is when you grow up, do you?”“By the way, who said that the biggest difference between humans and dogs was that humans knew how to be polite, righteous, and shameless? If you don’t respect your elders, it looks like… tsk tsk, it seems like you don’t know much about manners either?”“This worries me a little. It looks like when you get married to my house, I’ll have to work hard on my bed to play with you and teach you how to be obedient ……”……Mother, dog.Su Mingyuan did not say the last two words.However, he appeared provocative towards Xia Xueqi.Taunting.The ultimate mockery!This wave, he had completely won the battle of debate.At this moment, he dared to say that his acting as a villain was simply impeccable!He was also very satisfied to see that Xia Xue’s delicate and beautiful face was instantly dyed red with anger because of his piercing ridicule.It was like a sunset, beautiful and gorgeous.A bright flower suddenly bloomed on the snow-covered white iceberg, giving it a kind of breathtaking beauty.In any case, they would have to endure a storm of insults and cursing. It would be better to take the opportunity to appreciate the beauty’s angry face, right?Xia Xueqi turned her head as expected and her cold eyes met with his gaze.“Su Mingyuan, I have to say that you don’t have any other skills. But your shamelessness and ability to mock and ridicule others is first-rate.”A cold smile appeared on Xia Xueqi’s face.“Do you think… I will be angered by you?”***