In a brightly lit office.Su Xuelan put down the document in her hand, turned off the computer, rubbed her forehead, and sighed in relief.After a busy day, she finally finished her work, and could spare some free time to complete her plan as soon as possible and have a showdown with her parents.But, when she thought that while she was busy with work, her good sister Xia Xueqi was dating Mingyuan.She couldn’t help clench her teeth and called Su Mingyuan’s driver.Although she was Su Mingyuan’s driver, she was even more loyal to her.I reluctantly endured your date, but if you dare to have a love affair, I wouldn’t be able to help but find a hotel at night instead of going home…Su Xuelan immediately asked the driver to understand the situation.Su Mingyuan’s driver was a middle-aged woman with an ordinary appearance and a loyal personality.The advantage of this driver was that she not only had good driving skills, but also had good fighting ability. She could be used as a bodyguard temporarily when necessary, and she was really plain looking, which would not arouse Su Mingyuan’s sexual interest.As for why Su Mingyuan chose her as his driver at the beginning.Simple.In case one day he was accidentally seen by the driver while playing with women in the car, at least the one who saw that scene was a woman, not a man, right?Soon, after listening to the report, Su Xuelan’s mood suddenly became very good, and the corners of her mouth were slightly raised.“Has that woman Liu Mengning just appeared?Very good, very good.”“Xueqi, my good sister, do you think you can steal a good meal while I’m busy, but you didn’t expect someone to spoil the situation?”Now, Su Xuelan was no longer worried.With the appearance of Liu Mengning, and her unscrupulous way of doing things, it was completely impossible for these two people to get cosy.. Maybe, even this date would be ruined by Liu Mengning.Not only was Su Xuelan not worried now, she was even a little excited.Xueqi, a beautiful date that enhances the relationship between you and Mingyuan is ruined like this. You must be in a bad mood, right?But, you don’t have to be too sad, because when I persuade my father and mother, and break the blood relationship with Mingyuan, the identity of sister and brother will no longer be an obstacle.That’s the moment when you will really suffer.Thinking of Xia Xueqi’s cold appearance while enduring her grievances, the smile on Su Xuelan’s face rose by several points.Because of Liu Mengning’s appearance, she never thought about the possibility of Su Mingyuan and Xia Xueqi continuing to date smoothly.With Liu Mengning around, she was very relieved.…………The entrance to the Ferris wheel.Liu Mengning leaned lazily by the railing, staring at the starry sky before her eyes.At that time, she was not like the cute girl who rushed into the amusement park just now to have fun and laugh, but more like a delicate girl full of aristocratic temperament. There was a little melancholy in her lazy demeanour.However, Su Mingyuan and Xia Xueqi didn’t think it was any weird. She was like an ever-changing fairy, and she could switch her personality and temperament at will.Otherwise, why was she not inferior to those veteran actresses who have been immersed in the acting career for many years even at such a young age?Hearing the footsteps of the two, she turned around, showing a light and gentle smile. “Hello, we meet again.”At that time, she was more like a lady from an aristocratic family.But, neither of them were deceived by her disguise. Xia Xueqi looked at her vigilantly, not knowing what she was selling in her gourd.Liu Mengning, you bad woman, what means are you going to use this time to prevent me from dating Mingyuan?Before Xia Xueqi, Su Mingyuan said, “Liu Mengning, if you also want to ride the Ferris wheel, I’m sorry, this is an exclusive ride for Xueqi and I for this date, and it’s only open to the two of us. If you really want to sit, you can, after we finish. You can sit on this Ferris wheel for as long as you want.”Under the vigilant gaze of the two holding hands, Liu Mengning walked over with dignified and elegant lotus steps.Looking at the appearance of the two, she covered her mouth and smiled softly. “How can you make it look like I am some kind of evil demon king?”Aren’t you?At that moment, Su Mingyuan and Xia Xueqi complained at the same time with a very tacit understanding in their hearts.Liu Mengning’s eyes fell on the hands held by the two again, and she said jokingly, “Looking at the way you are, it doesn’t look like you really hate each other, but it looks like you are actually doing a fake show.”“Su Mingyuan, it seems that you are planning to give up chasing me? But compared to this, I am more curious about what sparkles in you attract Xuexue, so that she will not reject holding hands with you like this.”“Give up chasing you? Liu Mengning, you are wrong!”Of course, Su Mingyuan couldn’t say harsh words. After all, he still had to leave a little room for manoeuvring in the future, otherwise, how could he appear as Liu Mengning’s suitor in the next performance?“I just suddenly realized that although I like you and am infatuated with you, I don’t have to hang myself on a tree for you. I just want to take down Xueqi as my fiancé while thinking about how to take you in my arms. I want to hug two beauties left and right. I want to enjoy the blessings of everyone, I, Master Su, just choose to have everything. Why can’t I?”Su Mingyuan held his head up, and he appeared arrogant.It’s too low to be a villain who loves to lick someone’s ass. The real villain has to be like me now, that is, dare to be delusional, or be arrogant enough to love any woman and take her down!“Even with such a scumbag’s speech, Xuexue is not angry. It seems that there is something extraordinary about you, Su Mingyuan, you are getting more and more interesting…” Liu Mengning looked at his eyes.Please! Don’t think I’m funny. Facing my arrogant face, you should feel disgusted.Oh, forget it, it doesn’t matter.“So, what are you waiting for us to do here?” Su Mingyuan said a little rudely, “Seeing that your former suitor suddenly ignored you and started dating other girls, you find yourself having a vacant feeling in your heart. So, you have decided to ruin my date with Xueqi?”