“Wow! Is that a …… Rolls-Royce? Does Rolls-Royce have such an eye-catching look?”“Gosh! How I wish the owner of this car would glance at me and invite me to have a cup of coffee!”“Come on, look at the secretary who opened the door for him. That appearance alone is enough to be immortal and how can you, this small hoof be compared to her?”At the entrance of Xuanmei Company, Su Mingyuan got down from his specially customized Rolls-Royce. With a relaxed gaze, the Wind God  looked at the high-rise building in front of him.#pleasereadthischapteratWONDERNOVELS.COM‘Once I enter this door, the plot will begin.’‘He will play a qualified and terrific villain in order to complete the play in a spectacular way.’Before entering the company’s lobby, Su Mingyuan asked Xiao Ruoruo, “Ruoruo, do you know why I want to bring you with me today?”“I…don’t know.”Xiao Ruoruo shook her head.She really didn’t know why Su Mingyuan brought her along here.According to the original plot, she should not have appeared in this scene.Now, her mere presence in this scene was a face-slapping to Xiao Ran, implying that she had committed a betrayal in secret.With this, the original scene would be considerably less dramatic and significant than it would have been.But Brother Mingyuan had hoped that every performance could restore the plot and even surpass the plot.‘I don’t think bringing me here would be a good idea at all.’‘Why did he bring me with him?Xiao Ruoruo couldn’t figure it out. She really didn’t know the reason.“You really don’t know?” Su Mingyuan smiled mysteriously.“It’s alright.”“It doesn’t matter if you don’t know. Later, you just need to stand by my side and don’t have to do anything, or just do what you want.”‘I don’t care if Xiao Ruoruo doesn’t understand why he’s bringing her, because her presence will provide novelty value to Xiao Ran!’Xiao Ruoruo also did not dwell on what Su Mingyuan said.‘Since brother Mingyuan thinks it’s not important, then it’s not important. Anyway, I’ll just do what he said.’‘But…’Xiao Ruoruo raised her stunning face and asked, “Brother Mingyuan, is this an…’order’?”The summer wind was blowing in her ear. However, the fine strands of hair were like the ripples floating in the pond, and the sunlight reflected in each of her eyes. Her clear eyes were like talking stars, sparkling and glittering.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comSu Mingyuan even breathed lightly, like he was afraid of destroying the amazing scenery in front of him.After a long while, he finally calmed himself and said,“Yes, this is my…’order’.”Since Xiao Ruoruo took the initiative to send herself to door, how could Su Mingyuan be stupid enough to refuse?When he was forcibly kissed by her in the office yesterday, he was too shocked at the time. When he came back to his senses, he only tasted a glimpse of the fleeting beauty.This time he wouldn’t be submissive, shocked and flustered. Anyway, it was the female protagonist who took the initiative, so he didn’t have to take the blame.‘When the time comes, he  must kiss Xiao Ruoruo until the sky is dark, kiss her until the sun and moon are gone and let her experience my kissing abilities!’‘It’s better to kiss her till she suffocates, kiss her until she can’t stand it any longer, and afterwards she would start pleading with him for mercy!’Alright! Since Xiao Ruoruo wanted to be Xiao Ran’s undercover agent, don’t hold it against him because he will eat you and harass you!He was sure he would receive a lot more villain points later on for his outstanding performance. Then, following the scene, a female protagonist will personally kiss him, and he will meet a young girl from a distinguished family who will join him in bed at night to talk about anything under the sun.‘He now had the impression that everything was going perfectly and that today would be especially auspicious!’“Let’s go Ruoruo, let’s go in.”Su Mingyuan led Xiao Ruoruo into Xuanmei Company.As soon as he entered the company, Su Mingyuan could hear the system’s sound.【Ding! Entering the plot! Please ask the host to complete the role-playing task according to the villain’s character. After the role is completed, you will be able to obtain 100~2000 villain points according to the level of the assessment evaluation. 】Great! This time he’ll get more than 1800 villain points, okay.!Su Mingyuan thought optimistically.He was very sure of himself.His villain’s arrogant and wicked demeanor was imprinted into his face instantly.“Where is Xia Xueqi’s office? Take me there.” he asked fearsomely as he approached a passing female employee.The female employee was a little irritated when she was abruptly stopped by a stranger, and even more enraged when she heard the stranger  address her company’s President by her first name, which she thought was quite insulting.“Sir, do you have an appointment?”“If not, do you have a visitor’s pass?”“If you do not have any, our company does not welcome unauthorised personnel to enter!”“Oh, you’re a crazy little girl, aren’t you? Do you have any idea who I am?”Su Mingyuan sneered. He stretched out his hand and slapped the female staff in the face as if no one else was there, and while hitting he spoke,“Ruoruo, give her my business card.”He didn’t hit hard, but what he did was definitely full of humiliation and disgrace.As a villain, he should be arrogant and aggressive, but it was only less than a moment after he entered this company that he performed it perfectly.When the surrounding employees saw this scene, they were already a little resentful and wanted to rush up to help their fellow co-worker.The female employee had been humiliated to the point that her rage raced to her heart in an instant.She wanted to slap this bastard in the face with her backhand.However, when she saw Xiao Ruoruo hand over his business card, her anger was instantly quenched by a large basin of cold water, and a chill rose in her heart.“Su…Su Mingyuan?”Frightened emotions suddenly flooded into her heart. The resentment on her face suddenly turned into nervousness and panic, she bowed her head and apologized respectfully.“Young master Su, please forgive my offense, I know where the office of President Xia is, I will take you there.”“Alright. go ahead and lead the way!” Su Mingyuan instructed her in a tone like instructing a dog.This arrogant approach caused everyone in the vicinity who witnessed this scenario to grit their teeth in secret.But they were helpless in awe of his prestige.Right. How can ordinary people have the courage to offend the young master of the Su family, Su Mingyuan, one of the four major families?Su Mingyuan strode haughtily and was led by the female employee to the VIP elevator. During the whole process, no one dared to speak, and everyone automatically made a way for him, making him look like an evil devil.If it weren’t for the fact that she now knew the truth about everything, Xiao Ruoruo would most likely feel a strong dislike for Su Mingyuan seeing what was going on in front of her.But she clearly remembered the contents of every page of his diary. Although brother Mingyuan will act more annoying in the future, even if the female employee led him to the president office, he would still threaten Xia Xueqi to let her fire because of what she did in the lobby .But it was all an act.But according to the plot, the female employee will not be fired. Even if she was really fired, brother Mingyuan had secretly made preparations to compensate her, and will secretly send someone to introduce her to work in a new cosmetics company in the name of Xiao Ran, and compensate her for a lot of money .He was so kind, but had to act so evil and arrogant ……‘Brother Mingyuan is truly pitiful.’The three took the special elevator to the twenty-seventh floor and arrived at Xia Xueqi’s office.Outside the office door, Xiao Ran was guarding the door like a soldier. Yet, Xia Xueqi was not inside, because she was in a meeting at the time with another bodyguard surnamed Yang standing by the door of the conference room.Seeing the appearance of the three, Xiao Ran’s face appeared clearly surprised.The female staff member who led the way here asked tremblingly,“Su… Young master Su, this is President Xia’s office. If you have nothing to order, can I leave?”“Nothing to order?”A sneer slowly appeared on Su Mingyuan’s face.“Do you think I’ll forgive you for the offense just now? Little girl, I’m telling you, not only will you be fired from this company soon, but as the price of offending me, no company in the Ming capital will want you in the future! ”“No ……please don’t!” The female employee revealed a desperate look.At this point, Xiao Ran who was next to her finally couldn’t look away . He stepped forward and shouted righteously,“Su Mingyuan, do you think this is a company owned by you and you can fire whoever you want? Let me tell you, this is the company of one of the four big families, the eldest daughter of the Xia family, President Xia Xueqi, not a place where you can behave atrociously!”***[ADVANCED CHAPTERS: CLICK HERE]Special thanks to:Verv,sabj00,Somedude,Tennou Kazami,Alex Fallen,Sean N,Carlos morelos,Avarco,light knight,RoyalReaper77,Fastus,Wei Xelphius,I, Your Father,tspic,Aiden Elliott,Sham Knight,Sham Knight,Mervin Chong,Israel negrete,john,Marc Malonzo,Yorume,Louis Jacquet,NOPE YOU DON’T KNOW MY NAME,FondleMyBalls,Bob Oakley, WOWTHATSSOCOOL,UncleTerri,Riot, Pyronis,Will,mick2042, Will,BobTheLost,josh franzen,Johannes Andresen,kirt jean,Vetle Baug ❤❤❤