The good-for-nothing Su Mingyuan left the banquet hall in Xiao Ran’s eyes, and went to hide in a small room off of the side hall.Immediately, he could not control his expression and laughed excitedly.“Haha, good!  Very good!  Very good!”“Everything is going very well!”“Although the perfect evaluation cannot be obtained, the excellent evaluation is absolutely confirmed!”“I was slapped in the face twice by Xiao Ran in front of everyone, plus the announcement of the investor, it would be a total of three. Even if I accidentally did some obscene behavior here before, the final evaluation in the system is unlikely to fall from excellent to good, which is three times!”“Hey, hey, how many villain points can I get from an excellent evaluation? 1500? 1600? Or be bold, 1800?”Su Mingyuan rubbed his hands and calculated excitedly.It seemed that the villain points he gained in the previous few performances couldn’t be compared with his current performance.Hahaha!Xueqi, Mengning, and Xiao Ran’s performances today were all excellent. Today, I, Su Mingyuan, gained the upper hand!Although there seemed to be a little accident during the performance,For example, Xueqi unexpectedly entered the small room and warmed up with him.For example, Liu Mengning was really pulled into his arms, and he did not immediately fling him away.However, these were not problems. There were small differences in details—just a little stagger error. As long as the results were right, it was okay.Su Mingyuan had no idea how the beautiful face buried in his arms was secretly smiling when she was pulled into his embrace.She was still wondering how to put the smell of cherry fragrance on Su Mingyuan, but he had already created a good opportunity for her!And this matter was also a coincidence. Ruoruo smelled a faint fragrance from him but didn’t remind him.Xia Xueqi actually smelled it when she was making out with him, but she thought it was the scent of body wash, or Ruoruo?Anyway, no matter who it was, it only stimulated her fighting spirit more deeply at that time, making her more eager to possess him.That was why she said the words, “From now on, you can only be under me.”So far, no one had reminded Su Mingyuan of the smell of cherry perfume.After all, the fragrance was very light and could only be noticed up close.Due to this minor error, Su Mingyuan never anticipated that Liu Mengning’s script would turn him over.He just stayed in the room for a while. He was shocked, adjusted his mood, and went out again.He felt that his script was perfect and did not have the slightest mistake, so of course he had to continue to act!At that time, with the passage of time, the boss and the CEO wrote their intentions and conditions on a piece of paper and handed them to Liu Xi, waiting for Liu Mengning to come out and announce the results at eight o’clock.Xiao Ran also wrote down his intentions and conditions and handed them to Liu Xi.Liu Xi smiled at him and put away the pieces of paper. Xiao Ran smiled at her calmly and politely and strode with ease and confidence to find Xia Xueqi.Just as he was about to leave, he saw Su Mingyuan approaching.Xiao Ran didn’t want to talk to him about anything. Anyway, he just had to quietly appreciate Su Mingyuan’s lamentation.Su Mingyuan, on the other hand, took the initiative to obstruct his way and defiantly declared“Xiao Ran, don’t think you can laugh till the end! The temporary lead is just a false victory. It will be me who will become an investor in Mengning’s film; it must be me!”“At that time, I want to see if your face can show a smile. I can’t wait to see your unwilling, indignant face!”Xiao Ran did not know where Su Mingyuan got his confidence at that time. Looking at his arrogant and provocative appearance, he felt that Su Mingyuan was like a child who was stuck in a lie and refused to admit it.Really pathetic.“I’m looking forward to that moment.” Xiao Ran smiled gracefully and nodded slightly.In words, deeds, and manners, Su Mingyuan was once again left behind.Su Mingyuan snorted coldly, walked towards Liu Xi with great momentum, and slammed the piece of paper onto the table.“This is my condition. You must let Mengning see it, because as long as she sees it, she will definitely choose me. Understand!” He gave a peremptory order. Liu Xi secretly pouted, feeling a little disdain in her heart.Just you?No matter what conditions you offer, Mengning will not choose you, okay?Thinking like this, after Su Mingyuan left, she secretly opened the folded paper and took a glance at it.Oh my God!When she saw the above content, her face suddenly showed great surprise.“Su Mingyuan is crazy, crazy…”She murmured, suddenly feelingSuch conditionsAfter Mengning sees it, maybe… it’s really possible to choose him!The time was approaching eight o’clock.At that moment, Liu Mengning had disappeared at the banquet, apparently watching the paper handed over by Liu Xi, and choosing her favorite candidate.The atmosphere quietly became a little tense.Several CEOs of film and television companies, businessmen, and tycoons who wanted to have a relationship with the Liu family, Xiao Ran, Su Mingyuan…Everyone who participated in the competition seemed to be gradually filled with a low pressure around them, and the whole hall became somewhat silent.But, there was a person who was relaxed.Not only was he not nervous, but he was also smiling widely. He occasionally drank alcohol, ate food, and laughed loudly. His raucous chuckle and pompous demeanor were just incongruous with the atmosphere of the banquet.“Hey, I said, why do you suddenly become so quiet? Are you nervous and worried, because you don’t know who Mengning will choose as an investor in her film? You are looking forward to it and apprehensive.”“Hahaha!”Su Mingyuan looked around and laughed triumphantly with an extremely provocative villain face. “What are you looking forward to and nervous about? Do you think the investor’s quota will be awarded to you?”As Su Mingyuan spoke, he pointed at people and was extremely arrogant.“It’s too good to be true in a million years!”“Why should you anticipate feeling nervous?”“You people just need to put on a look of disappointment and unwillingness, because you are all losers, complete losers! I will be the one that Mengning chooses!”Su Mingyuan’s remarks immediately aroused public outrage.But because everyone there was highly literate and able to control their anger, no one stood up and provoked him. Rather, they assumed he was angry because he had just been struck and was speaking nonsense.Those dogs who wanted to slap Su Mingyuan, stood up at this time and asked, “Master Su, why are you so sure that Miss Liu will choose you?”“Hahahaha, that’s naturally because she will never refuse the conditions I gave her!”Su Mingyuan picked up a glass of wine casually, drank it wildly, and said with a big smile, “The investment I gave her is 52 million, which symbolizes my love for her, and the dividend ratio I ask for is 1.314%, symbolizing my love for her for a lifetime, until death!”As soon as this remark came out, everyone in the audience was shocked, and everyone’s expressions changed.Investing 52 million, but only about a 1% dividend ratio…This was nearly similar to giving money away for free!No wonder Su Mingyuan was sure that Liu Mengning would not refuse.With such a condition, who among the competitors present can give it, and who can match it?This was also distinct from simply giving a gift. To receive this gift was to accept a friendship, which one would eventually return.But, investing in this sort of thing has nothing to do with human favors; if you believe me, invest in me, and if I make money, I will pay you dividends. If I lose you, you consider yourself unlucky; I blame you for not being able to see it. No one can be relied upon. There is no such thing as favors owed and repayment.So, Su Mingyuan was really giving Liu Mengning money for nothing, or giving money for nothing in return!Even Liu Mengning couldn’t refuse this act of giving money for nothing, right?crazy, really crazy!In order to chase a woman, Su Mingyuan really didn’t treat money as money and threw it away like water!