“You have misunderstood me, Su Mingyuan. I have finished what I wanted to do, and I have no intention of disturbing the romantic date between you. The reason why I am here to wait for you is just to whisper something to my good sister Xuexue. That’s it.”Liu Mengning smiled and said in a very dignified and gentle way.Whisper?Xia Xueqi’s face turned cold, and she thought subconsciously in her heart, did Liu Mengning realise that she couldn’t stop anything? That’s why she was about to pull her aside and speak harshly to her, to make verbal threats or something. Trying to make her feel uncomfortable and force her to retreat.Although this was not like what she knew Liu Mengning would do, she could not help but guess her upcoming motives.After returning from rebirth and having the opportunity to do it all over again, who knew if Liu Mengning would change and go to extremes because of this?“Okay, I’d also like to hear what you’re going to whisper to me.”Xia Xueqi let go of Su Mingyuan’s hand and walked with Liu Mengning into the shadows.The moment she left Su Mingyuan’s line of sight, her face suddenly turned as cold as frost. She folded her arms around her chest, and looked at Liu Mengning coldly, “Tell me, what are you going to use to threaten me to leave Mingyuan’s side?”“Threat? No!”At that moment, Liu Mengning tilted her head like a naive little girl, looked at her curiously and said, “Xuexue, you are my good sister. I only hope for you to stay happy. Why do you think I’m here to threaten you? It’s strange.”It’s strange?Hoping for my happiness?Are you here to be funny?“Stop pretending, Liu Mengning. Let’s get straight to the point, what are you trying to say to me?” Xia Xueqi’s voice became colder, and there was even a faint murderous look in her eyes.What kind of good sisters are you pretending to be?This was no longer the days when they worked together to deal with Xiao Ran in her previous life. She looked at Liu Mengning’s appearance, and she only felt uncomfortable and disgusted.Seemingly hurt by Xia Xueqi’s attitude, Liu Mengning’s expression turned slightly disappointed.“Oh, well, I wanted to chat with you, Xuexue. Since you don’t want to hear it, I’ll just… let’s just say it.”She raised her head, held Xia Xueqi’s icy hands, and blessed her with a sincere expression: “Actually, I just want to wish you and Mingyuan a successful date, and wish you both to become a natural couple tonight!”That’s it?You wanted to come to me to whisper a blessing?Xia Xueqi even wondered if there was something wrong with her ears, otherwise how could she have heard such outrageous words from Liu Mengning’s mouth!Blessing?Who would sincerely wish the man they like to become a couple with another woman?Liu Mengning, didn’t you just say something wrong?On the surface, it is blessing me, but in fact, it is threatening me secretly, and it is implying to me that she has already done tricks in secret, and it is impossible for me and Mingyuan to have a successful date!That’s it, right?However, when she met Liu Mengning’s sincere eyes, Xia Xueqi hesitated again.It does not look like acting.“You really just came… to bless me? Instead of making arrangements secretly and threatening me with irony?”“Xuexue, how can you think of me like that? I know that your date with Mingyuan almost went to waste today because of my appearance. You must have something against me in your heart, so I came here to apologise and send blessings to you.”Liu Mengning’s eyes were full of sincerity and apology, and she even hugged Xia Xueqi intimately, as if they were still as close as they were in the previous life.This was just a normal act between them during the past life.However, Xia Xueqi was completely overwhelmed by her performance. She didn’t react for a moment and pushed her away.“My blessings are really from the heart. And although my appearance has intensified the contradiction, Xuexue, I am also a blessing in disguise. Mingyuan’s feelings for you have changed because of me, and become more firm. Speaking of which, I’m helping. So, don’t be mad at me, Xuexue, okay?”Liu Mengning said in her arms with a smile, and pinched her sensitive earlobes intimately.Xia Xueqi was stunned.So……Neither to let me experience the heartbreak of falling from the highest point again, nor to threaten me with harsh words.Liu Mengning, she really is here… to send me a blessing?On the way, ask my forgiveness?Before the conversation started, Xia Xueqi was not afraid to speculate on Liu Mengning’s motives with the greatest malice.But, after knowing her real purpose at that moment, she was a little at a loss.Because Liu Mengning was right. Her appearance seemed to be a crisis, but in fact it was an opportunity, an opportunity to make Mingyuan’s feelings for her completely firm.In a sense, she did help her instead.Moreover, she really just came to send her blessings and beg her forgiveness without any malice.To say she was angry with Liu Mengning now…Maybe there was still a little bit of anger in her heart, but the disgust that arose before had completely disappeared.Only……“Is all of this… in your calculations? Mengning, what are you thinking about?”Xia Xueqi stared at her blankly.She was really puzzled.She could not understand her behaviour. She could not grasp her motives.Even more puzzling was the fact that she really pushed her into Mingyuan’s arms without any hesitation?Liu Mengning smiled sweetly, let go of her embrace, and pushed her towards Su Mingyuan.“Xuexue, tonight is your turn, cherish it, and cheer up!”Xia Xueqi walked towards Su Mingyuan, but couldn’t help but look back at Liu Mengning who was waving at her with a smile.She had a lot of questions in her heart.After being reborn, what was Liu Mengning thinking about in this life?Is she playing a big game in secret?Forget it, anyway, in my previous life, I often couldn’t figure out what she was thinking, so there’s no point in guessing.Now I just need to follow the strategy I have formulated. While reducing Xiao Ran’s strength, waiting for the opportunity to give him a fatal blow. At the same time, steadily continuing to work hard to deepen the relationship with Mingyuan.Xia Xueqi stopped trying to speculate on Liu Mengning’s thoughts, and walked towards Su Mingyuan with a shallow smile.This was the most important thing to her right now.At the same time.Su Xuelan, who was about to leave the company, suddenly remembered that she had received a piece of information in the afternoon: Xiao Ran had already met Li Cheng, Mingyuan’s bodyguard.Originally, Su Xuelan planned to go to the dating scene of Su Mingyuan and Xia Xueqi after she was free with all the company’s affairs.Not to mention deliberately interfere with their dating. At least, she would not let their relationship fast-forward to the point where they had already started thinking about the child’s name.#pleasereadthischapteratfoxaholic.comAt that point, she was really not good at turning the tables.But, after knowing that Liu Mengning was there, she immediately felt relieved.Someone helped her play the role of spoiler, and she avoided going to the scene to interfere with the date, which could arouse Mingyuan’s dissatisfaction.Without doing anything, she could sit back and watch Xia Xueqi’s date end in failure. She was in a very relaxed and happy mood now.Hmm… It happens that I am in a good mood now, so I will take this opportunity to quickly deal with Li Cheng’s matter.I can’t allow the bodyguard around Mingyuan to become Xiao Ran’s undercover agent.Thinking of this, she immediately ordered her subordinates to send a notice to Li Cheng and his mother, inviting them to come out to see her.