No… Don’t understand?Su Mingyuan’s expression instantly changed.In his opinion, Xiao Ruoruo had not resisted his frivolous behaviour of touching her hands and face, which meant that she was mentally prepared to succumb to his advances.This time, striking while the iron was hot, it was obvious that he was about to succeed.But at this moment, while establishing a master-slave relationship, she said that she didn’t understand?How could she not understand?‘If she didn’t understand, how would I order her in the future? How would I make her obediently cooperate with me according to my arrangements?’‘It wasn’t easy for me to get my optimisim and cheer up. I made a plan in high spirits, but in the end…In the end…’‘Just what did go wrong?!’‘Could it be that my deduction was wrong from the beginning?’‘This is impossible!’Su Mingyuan raised his head and looked at Xiao Ruoruo’s smiling face, somewhat at a loss.“Xiao Ruoruo, you said you… don’t understand?”As soon as these words came out, the majestic temperament he had built up step by step manipulating the changes in his demeanour and tone; the heavy sense of oppression was completely shattered.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comPreviously, he had been sitting on a chair, and relying on the power of authority, he confidently looked down on the standing Xiao Ruoruo.But now…Now, the one being overlooked and held, seemed to be him!Xiao Ruoruo smiled mysteriously at him, ” President Su, you might not be able to give me what I want.”Su Mingyuan was confused. “With my identity as the young master of the Su family, there’s still something that I can’t give you?”“There are some things that can’t be bought with money and power.”Xiao Ruoruo took his hand and gently placed her fingers between his fingers, then clasped them tightly without leaving any gaps.“It’s like now, even though I hold your hand tightly, I still feel that there’s a huge bottomless gap between you and I.”“President Su, you… you have worked hard.”Her tone carried infinite tenderness and pity.She looked down at him with eyes that were also full of heartache and tenderness.‘Su Mingyuan, in my previous life, I never had the opportunity to say this to you, because by the time I woke up, it was too late.’‘Fortunately, in this life, I can start over.’However, in the face of such a gaze, Su Mingyuan felt that Xiao Ruoruo was unfamiliar and his scalp went numb.He felt that his head was completely insufficient to comprehend what Xiao Ruo was saying.‘Xiao Ruoruo, just tell me what you want me to give you so that you can submit. What kind of riddle are you pretending to be?’‘Why is there a deep and bottomless chasm between us? Do I have to work hard?’‘As the Young Master of the Su family, I only need to stretch out my hand and open my mouth for food. I have money and power, where have I worked so hard?’#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com‘Right now, I only feel tired!’Su Mingyuan was annoyed, angry, and confused.Things had once again broken away from his expectations and exceeded his control, causing his mentality to suffer another heavy blow.He could not understand why Xiao Ruoruo would look at him with such a pained gaze. What was her heart aching for?Shouldn’t she feel sorry for herself, who was being pressed down by me with money and power?Being stared at by Xiao Ruoruo with such a gaze, Su Mingyuan felt his entire body turn cold. He felt that the world before him was filled with a strange feeling.Xiao Ruoruo, I don’t need your heartache. The tenderness in your eyes should n’ t be released to me. Your tenderness should be released to your brother, Xiao Ran!I just met you for the first time today!Su Mingyuan’s current mood was exceptionally bad. It was clear that the changes in Xiao Ruo Ruo’s personality were not as he had guessed.If she didn’t want to use her money to oppress her, she was clearly not a weak little white rabbit that could be easily intimidated.As a result, he did not know how to make Xiao Ruoruo cooperate with him in his performance.This was…It’s over!Fortunately, at this moment, the development of the matter suddenly changed. He heard Xiao Ruoruo say to him:“President Su, I might have said some strange things, but you don’t have to worry about it.I know you want me to listen to your orders and instructions in the future. I can do this.But the reward for doing so…”If I don’t need money, I do n’ t need you to help me realize my dream.”What?Su Mingyuan immediately raised his head.Xiao Ruoruo’s words meant that she was willing to follow my orders, as long as I could pay a certain price?That’s great!My plan can continue!Su Mingyuan waved his fist in excitement.I knew that a person couldn’t always be depressed and be optimistic.There was no obstacle. Sometimes, as long as he persevered and waited, the situation would change.His bad mood seemed to be illuminated by the warm sunlight, and it immediately became brilliant.He impatiently asked Xiao Ruoruo,” What reward do you want?”“If I want the reward, of course it’s something you ca n’ t give me with your money and power, President Su.”Xiao Ruoruo smiled mysteriously. The sunlight shone through her flowing eyes and slightly red cheeks. At this moment, she seemed to be charming.She leaned close to Su Mingyuan’s body and said softly,” The reward I want is—Every time I complete one of your orders or requests, you will give it to me ……”“……”A kiss.”A kiss?Wasn’t a kiss simple?Su Mingyuan almost laughed.Hahaha, I’ll do it now***