Xia Xueqi!How could it be her!Su Mingyuan could never have imagined that the person sitting in front  of him wasn’t the one the girl he had an appointment with from the app, but Xia Xueqi herself!‘No wonder she was acting so weird just now.”‘To be honest, she’s far more attractive in person than in her photos.’It was all Xia Xueqi’s fault! Somehow, she managed to combine her icy personality and her majestic appearance, resulting in her becoming strangely attractive.She even dresses like she was so pure, and always mindful of only showing the good side of her face. He didn’t even recognize her at the beginning!Though, no matter how beautiful Xia Xueqi was or how she dresses, Su Mingyuan will never be interested.Merely the sight of her reminds him of this morning’s tragic encounter in the Xuanmei Building–the despair he felt.And the cause? It was this woman in front of him, coldly staring with a smile!“Why are you here?”Xia Xueqi lightly stroked her hair back as she turned to look at the lake outside.“Because I drove away the woman who was originally here,” she said nonchalantly.“It’s a shame you missed it. Perhaps she would have left you a note.”Damn it!This damned wicked woman!‘Not only had she disrupted the main storyline, to the point that she almost drove me to despair, but when I finally managed to find a little sister to have fun with through an app to try to cheer me up, she just had to ruin this too.’Looking at Xia Xueqi’s calm indifference, Su Mingyuan couldn’t help but feel angry. He slammed the table and yelled, “Xia Xueqi! What the hell are you doing?!”“Call me Xueqi.”“Also Mingyuan, please refrain from slapping tables and making a scene in front of a noble lady like myself. Else you might be mistaken to be an uncultured slob.” Xia Xueqi held her head up proudly as she said this to him.‘Call her… Xueqi?’Su Mingyuan was dumbstruck and momentarily forgot to retort.‘Call her Xueqi?’‘Also, what did she… she called me…”‘Ming…yuan?”‘Did she call me Mingyuan?’‘Wasn’t she clearly disgusted with me and our arranged marriage?’‘How is any of this possible?’‘Has she gone crazy? Mental illness? Is it possible her brain got bonked?’Wait!‘Don’t tell me…’‘Could it be that… that the setting and the characters have collapsed again?!’‘No way?’‘There’s no way, right?’‘Impossible!’‘Ahhhhhhh!’‘Damn it Overlord!’‘Can you hurry up and fix this damned broken reality already?‘Do you know just how many butts I had to wipe last week!’‘How come it’s even fucking worse now!’Su Mingyuan was absolutely flabbergasted by Xia Xueqi’s uncharacteristic remarks.What’s more is that it truly made him panic.“Xia Xueqi, you… What are you getting at? I don’t remember our relationship being close enough to call each other so intimately…”Xia Xueqi didn’t reply at first. She merely looked at his face. She took an elegant sip of coffee, before replying:“You’re right. In fact, not only do we not get along, I hate you to death. Mingyuan, do you know the feeling of coming home to your entire household—Father, Mother, my Brothers, and even the servants–trying to force you to do something without rhyme or reason?”She must have felt aggrieved as she said this, she maintained her steady coldness and calm elegance all throughout. From her facial expression to the tone of her voice, you wouldn’t know there was something amiss.On the other hand, Su Mingyuan could sense something beneath this huge icy glacier, seething beneath the calm waves. A deep-sea monster lurked below, ready to turn the world upside down!“Family. Loved ones. Lovely words! I am a daughter. I am also a sister. The same blood runs deep in our veins, so it is only natural to think we should love and care about one another deeply.”“I am their daughter. I am their sister. We’re family so we should love and care for one another, and yet, because I scorned you this morning… because I scolded Xia Chengquan and declined our betrothal…”“Their faces… which should have been full of love and acceptance, were instead full of malign despotism. Their eyes, which should have been filled with warmth, were instead filled with frigid, piercing light!”“Do you know what that feels like, Mingyuan?”“I’m sure that if I defied them and didn’t marry you, they’d treat me as if I was an outsider–nay, an enemy! To them, I’m a marionette that only moves when they want me to move. I am merely a tool to further the Xia family’s cause!”“If I don’t follow their instructions, only punishment awaits me. They’ll take away my identity, status, my connections, and even the company I’ve worked so hard to create after all these years… everything gone! My family sure is wonderful!Xia Xueqi placed her coffee cup on the table. Under the warm sunlight, the gorgeous face that has enraptured so many men, displayed a terrible ruthless coldness.“Do you understand now, Mingyuan? Do you understand why I came to this date? Why I asked you to call me… that way?”The corners of her mouth slowly lifted into a smile, as she gazed at Su Mingyuan.This smile was so beautiful, and yet so frightening!Su Mingyuan’s back felt a sharp chill, and his heart trembled involuntarily.He wanted nothing more than to laugh, laugh, laugh up to the sky!‘Surely, you’ve gotten your just desserts for ruining that important day, right?’‘So you haven’t gone insane, rather, your brain’s damaged.’‘You’re using this date to have your family loosen their grip on you?’‘Hahahaha!’‘You bitch! You have days like this too!’‘Days like this too!!!’‘Want to date me?’‘Dream on!’‘Even if you try to put on such a pure and demure persona, even if you change into something more revealing and sexy, or even if you offer your body to me, I, Su Mingyuan will never let you get what you want today!’#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com‘Since the novel’s plot has changed, I no longer need to comply with my character setting to complete this farce!’‘I, Su Mingyuan, am here today to defy you! Xia Xueqi, get ready for the slap of your life!’‘Since you dare to give me a hard time this morning…’‘You won’t mind if I return it in kind, right?’Su Mingyuan abruptly got up, picked up his phone, and turned to leave immediately.“Su Mingyuan, what are you doing?!” Xia Xueqi realized what intended, so she quickly tried to stop him.‘Hehe, so fast? You were calling me ‘Mingyuan’ just now, but now you’ve revealed your true impertinent self?’Su Mingyuan turned to look at her and sneered.“What?“Xia Xueqi. The fact that your family has forced you to be here to try to reconcile with me… What does that have to do with me?”“Do you believe that I, Su Mingyuan, am a fool? Didn’t you just blow me off just this morning? Am I to just pretend that never happened and play along with you here?!”‘Who do you think you are to want to be able to scold, humiliate, and cause suffering to whoever you want, but would plead for leniency when it is your turn?’“Xia Xueqi, you really do think of yourself as a proud daughter of heaven. Should I, this ‘waste’, just allow you to scold and humiliate me? You know you’re a bitch, right?”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“In any case, I’m sorry, oh proud daughter of heaven! This lowly one will have to decline this date.”“As you put it, how can this ‘waste’ be worthy of dating such a great and noble person as you, right?”Seeing that Xia Xueqi’s eyes seemed to have grown even colder, and traces of anger could already be seen on her face, Su Mingyuan reveled in joy.She had attempted to destroy him this morning. Looking at her now, about to lose her cool, he only felt pleasure.The depression he felt for the past two days because of his two failed performances, he was almost able to vent it all out.Today is a good day! No, a great day!“Xia Xueqi, let me give you a piece of advice: One shouldn’t humiliate others. Everyone deserves some dignity. So what if you’re the proud daughter of heaven?!”“Now, this ‘waste’, having been asked for a date, would only like to say: I REFUSE!”“Having said that, hehehe, I can finally watch as this so-called proud daughter of heaven is cast out by her own Xia family. I wonder how you’ll look lonely and miserable, hahahahaha!”Exhilarating!So exhilarating!Seeing Xia Xueqi’s face turn ugly, Su Mingyuan could only feel… exhilarated!He laughed uproariously, and flicked his hand to signal his departure.‘Xia Xueqi, do you think I won’t leave if you continue to hold my hand?’‘Ridiculous!’#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com‘Watch! Watch how I throw you away too!’Harder, harder.Harder!Eh, what’s going on?‘Why… can’t I break free, ah?!’***