“He’s just your partner, I’m your fiancé!” Su Mingyuan blushed and roared loudly.“So what?” Xia Xueqi looked down at him with disdain as she crossed her arms across her chest.Su Mingyuan clenched his fists tightly, his nostrils spewing hot air, and even the veins popped out on his forehead.Xiao Ran smiled as he stood in front of Xia Xueqi once more and clarified him, “Young Master Su, the people here are all civilized and decent people, and you, the rich and powerful young master, should know more about gentlemen than all of us.”He cast a sly glance at Su Mingyuan.If Su Mingyuan really wanted to make a move, no one present was his opponent. He would only bring humiliation to himself, which would further set off a stage for him.“Xiao Ran!”Su Mingyuan’s eyes widened as soon as he saw Xiao Ran standing before him, and all of his hatred was channeled toward the cheerful man. His eyes got red and his breathing grew labored, and he seemed ready to punch him at any moment.“Don’t kid yourself into thinking that Xia Xueqi, that woman, will help you snag the position. I, Su Mingyuan, will be the film’s investor for Mengning’s next project. Just wait for me!”But neither he nor his guards were Xiao Ran’s opponents, so they could only be incompetent and furious here.They become laughing stock in front of the people.The original book’s antagonist, Su Mingyuan, was so shaken by the encounter that he went to the underground boxing arena in search of a new bodyguard candidate, where he once again clashed with Xiao Ran.Of course, that was a later story, not for the time being.At least now, he, Su Mingyuan, had lost face due to the cooperation of Xia Xueqi and Xiao Ran at the beginning, so he could only watch Xia Xueqi and Xiao Ran walk into the elevator. Clenching his fists helplessly, he felt the gaze of myriad of eyes filled with contempt. With a smile that was not a smile, he tried to hold back his discomfort, and walked straight into another elevator angrily.In the elevator, Xiao Ran stood beside Xia Xueqi, looked at her delicate and beautiful profile, and couldn’t help but ask with concern, “Xueqi, you just helped me like this which insulted Su Mingyuan, would it be okay…?”Xia Xueqi said lightly, “It’s okay, I brought you here tonight and have decided to support you no matter what, so it’s inevitable that I’ll clash with Su Mingyuan. In this case, it just came early, so what’s the difference?”“It’s just……”She spoke of this with a forced smile and said, “It’s just that I may have to meet Su Mingyuan a few times later.” Her expression turned bitter at the mention of Su Mingyuan, but she quickly dismissed it.Xiao Ran’s heart sank when he saw the bitter grin on Xia Xueqi’s face.She did everything she did for him, including publicly insulting Su Mingyuan, to show her support for him. Even if she had to endure the grievances and forcefully go on a date with Su Mingyuan again!“Xueqi…”He reached out to comfort her by holding her hand, but Xia Xueqi stepped away from him.“Sorry, Xiao Ran, I still can’t do it with you now…” Xia Xueqi lowered her head, her hazy expression shrouded in shadows as she whispered.She still couldn’t get out of the mental trauma Su Mingyuan brought her, and she still rejected the matter of holding hands and being in skin contact with the opposite sex….“No, it’s fine. Why should I be angry at you, Xueqi? You’ve done so much for me.” Xiao Ran was already feeling bad, but her distress increased when she saw her friend so upset.But, he really didn’t blame Xia Xueqi in his heart. It wasn’t her who was at fault, but Su Mingyuan who made her become like this.And the stern words of the Junior Brother were right, he should not put too much thought into the love of men and women. Although he couldn’t hold hands with Xueqi, and couldn’t be in close contact with her.But it was enough for him to know that she liked and cared about him.After the revenge completes, he would still have time and most of his life could be spent with Xueqi without any worries. Why should he rush this moment?So, Xiao Ran didn’t feel so lost about it, but he just felt some resentment toward Su Mingyuan for turning Xia Xueqi into this.If there was a chance, he would not be stingy, and he must let Su Mingyuan, the evil young man who bullied Xueqi, learn the most evil lesson!Ding!The elevator reached the floor where the dinner was held. When Xia Xueqi and Xiao Ran got out of the elevator, they happened see Su Mingyuan and Ruoruo walking out of another elevator.Both groups exchanged quick glances before turning away and snorting coldly at each other. They entered the banquet hall calmly.In the air, there were invisible sparks flying against each other.In the hall in front of them, the lights were brilliantly lit.The banquet had not officially started yet, and tonight’s heroine Liu Mengning had not yet appeared, but there were already quite a lot of people in the banquet hall.Many people who came to the banquet knew that they might not have the chance to grab this investment, which was a major project that only the top film and television companies were qualified to compete for.But, this did not prevent them from coming here to make more contacts, talk about business, and take a side by the way.Just like when Xia Xueqi and Su Mingyuan entered the hall, they were surrounded by many people.These two were youngsters from top-level families. If they could catch their eyes, it would be a great honour for these people to be mentioned by them.Some people wanted to be dogs.Su Mingyuan didn’t like such a snobbish and hypocritical atmosphere. There were many small and big stars with heavy makeup and low neckline crowding around him, but these women couldn’t stay longer. Can Ruoruo and Xueqi let them stay beside him?No matter how popular they were, having countless fanatical fans, could they compare to the real actress Liu Mengning?Oh, just you vulgar actresses want to take advantage of me, Su Mingyuan?Before the banquet started, he waved his hand impatiently to let the annoying flies go away, and asked the waiter to take him to a small room at the side hall to rest.Anyway, he had nothing to do now, and it was better to hide in this hut, so he could enjoy a moment of comfort.When Liu Mengning came on stage, the competition for investor spots would begin. That was the real drama, and it would not be too late for him to play again.The other side of the story is that Xia Xueqi took Xiao Ran to the banquet and introduced them to the company president and a few celebrities.Xiao Ran, who had just started a film and television company and was short of contacts and resources, felt like a fish in the sea. After greeting Xia Xueqi, he began to get busy with these people.Xia Xueqi naturally didn’t want Xiao Ran, an annoying light bulb, to stay by her side.She had not been intimate with Mingyuan for several days. Although her temperament and expression still remained frosty in front of outsiders, after seeing Su Mingyuan, her heart became panicky, and she could not wait to rush to him immediately, hug him softly and kiss him.After noticing that Su Mingyuan led Ruoruo down to the side hall under the guidance of the waiter, as if he had entered a small room by himself, Xia Xueqi’s eyes suddenly lit up.She got rid of the annoying flies around her, and after hiding in the bathroom on the pretext of going to the toilet, she immediately slipped to the side hall while no one outside was paying attention. Then, she headed straight for the small room where Su Mingyuan was resting.“Ah, Sister Xueqi, why are you here?” Ruoruo looked at Xia Xueqi who appeared in front of her in surprise. Before she had time to ask, Xia Xueqi patted her on the shoulder and raised her fingers in a low voice.“Shh, Ruoruo, don’t expose the fact that I’m here. If someone asks you to inquire about me, remember to help cover, please!”After she finished speaking, regardless of whether Ruoruo answered or not, she rushed into the room, her iceberg-like appearance was showing fire-like enthusiasm at that moment.Mingyuan, my Mingyuan, do you know how I spent the past few days without seeing you?Now I can finally hold you in my arms!In the banquet hall, Xiao Ranzheng chatted happily with the boss of a film and television company, and suddenly felt a sense of emptiness in his heart.He turned his head to look around.Hey, why can’t I seem to see Xueqi?Forget it, I’ll find her later, and now I’d better get in touch with them first.Xiao Ran looked up at the head of the film and television company before him and smiled again.