Xia Xueqi was not frightened by Su Xuelan’s angry face.On the contrary, there was a smile on the corner of her mouth, and she didn’t stand up, she just sat there so gracefully and naturally, as if she didn’t feel the slightest pressure from Su Xuelan.“So… you’ve been peeking from the side just now?”She covered her mouth and chuckled, and continued to strike in a downtrodden manner, “Then you should have seen the picture of me and Mingyuan kissing just now, how about it, is it for the relationship between me and Mingyuan going further that made a heartfelt joy born in your heart?“Xuelan, don’t keep your face tense. You are Mingyuan’s elder sister. When you see the sweet date between your brother and his fiancee, why do you seem a little unhappy? Could it be that… you are actually a selfish bad-hearted elder sister who doesn’t want your younger brother to be happy?”Su Xuelan’s fist unconsciously hardened again.Xia Xueqi’s poisonous tongue sounded particularly unpleasant.It had always been easy for her to use words to pierce people’s sensitive spots, making them angry.Bang!Su Xuelan couldn’t help but slap her palm on the table. The teacup on the table shook violently as the water in the cup swayed due to the impact.A few tiny cracks appeared on the marble table. Su Xuelan was so angry that she couldn’t control her strength.However, anger was proof of the loser’s incompetence.Xia Xueqi stood up and pressed her palm as she spoke softly.“Xuelan, don’t be so angry. Impulsiveness can make people lose their rationality and make irreparable mistakes. We still have Xiao Ran as our enemy. If you want to control your emotions, you must ……”“…… Take care of the big picture.”She smiled as she spoke, but her tone and attitude were undoubtedly adding fuel to the fire. Su Xuelan was on the verge of losing her temper.Her words were the most disgusting words in some situations.As long as Su Xuelan was angered and showed signs of losing her composure, the waiter who was hiding next to her could immediately take photos as evidence.At that time, she would show it to Mingyuan.Huh, wouldn’t Su Xuelan’s jealous image be completely planted in Mingyuan’s heart?#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comSu Xuelan took a deep breath and didn’t get angry. Instead, she said coldly, “Xia Xueqi, do you know who else was watching your date other than me?”She gave the answer before Xia Xueqi could answer. “That person is Xiao Ran’s subordinate.”“What?”Xia Xueqi’s expression changed. The smile on her face disappeared and a trace of panic flashed through her eyes.Su Xuelan saw the change in her expression and sneered, “Hah, some people boast of being smart and scheming. Why didn’t they calculate this? Now you know how to panic?”The panic in Xia Xueqi’s eyes only flickered for a moment before she quickly calmed down.This was because she knew that since Su Xuelan appeared in front of her and told her about this matter, she must have taken care of everything.Even though their sisters would fight each other, they would occasionally played some tricks.However, when it came to the issue of Xiao Ran, they would never drag their feet in order to get jealous and not care about the big picture.If it was Su Xuelan dating Mingyuan in the dining room, she would have done the same thing if she discovered that the person Xiao Ran was monitoring was her.“Xuelan, I apologise for what I just said. Thank you for this.”Xia Xueqi immediately surrendered and admitted her mistake.She originally wanted to continue angering Su Xuelan, so she took out the photo and said, “Xuelan, I’m afraid you won’t be able to see it clearly when you’re standing in the distance. I have the latest photo here. How Mingyuan passionately kissed me and touched me just now, you can see every detail clearly. Do you want to share your joy with me? Such similar words.She was too embarrassed to say it now.“It’s good that you know you’re wrong. If I hadn’t been lucky enough to discover him this time, the image you’ve set up in Xiao Ran’s heart would have been completely ruined, understand?!”Su Xuelan pointed at her forehead as if she was lecturing her sister.Xia Xueqi knew that she was in the wrong and could not find any reason to refute. She could only let her vent her anger.Moreover, with Su Xuelan’s help this time, she would definitely use this as a condition to make some demands on herself. Thinking about it, Xia Xueqi felt very angry.Xiao Ran, ah, Xiao Ran, I trust you so much, yet you actually sent someone to monitor me?After Su Xuelan tapped her forehead a few times, but she didn’t continue to flare up. Instead, she crossed her arms over her chest and said, “The person who was watching you, I have already made him disappear on the spot. However, if he could use this incident, he could force Xiao Ran ……”“Xue Lan, it looks like you and I have to come together.”Xia Xueqi smiled sweetly at her and her expression instantly turned cold. She picked up her phone and dialled Xiao Ran’s number.“Xiao Ran, I really didn’t expect you to send someone to spy on me!”As soon as the call was answered, Xia Xueqi complained first. Her cold voice was swirling with anger and anyone could tell that she was really angry.Xiao Ran was confused.The moment the call rang, he was nervous and at a loss. He didn’t know why Xueqi had called him at the crucial moment of his date with Su Mingyuan.Could it be that Su Mingyuan had forced her to call him to humiliate him?But in the end…“No, Xueqi, it’s not that I don’t trust you and have Nick secretly spy on you.” Xiao Ran quickly explained, “I just finished the negotiation with Murong Hongxue today. When I was looking for a place to eat, I coincidentally went to the same restaurant as you. I was afraid that Su Mingyuan would bully you halfway, so I asked Nick to stay to protect you! Xueqi, you have to believe me!”“Coincidence? Protect? Xiao Ran, you wanted to send someone to protect me secretly. You could have told me about this in advance, but what you said was not surveillance. Everything was just a coincidence ……”However, this was really a coincidence.I really just want to protect you!Xiao Ran had a hard time arguing and his mood was extremely complicated.“Xueqi, believe me. I’m really ……”However, before he could finish his sentence, Xia Xueqi’s cold words choked all of his words.“Xiao Ran, your subordinate is dead.”“What?” Xiao Ran was shocked.“Xiao Ran, do you think Mingyuan and I…Was Su Mingyuan really the only two people on his date? There were countless people from the Su family and the Xia family watching from the shadows! What you said a while ago has offended these two major aristocratic families. Now, you dare to send someone to follow and monitor them. Do you think that your subordinate will survive after being discovered by them?”At this moment, Xiao Ran felt his vision turn black as if he had been struck by a bolt from the blue. However, the bad news that came out of Xia Xueqi’s mouth kept coming one after another.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernoel.com“Although the last time you slapped yourself, Su Xuelan let you go, your actions really made the Su and Xia Families hate you! I really didn’t expect you to do such a stupid thing without consulting me in advance!”Then…That was Nick’s idea. He wants to stay temporarily to monitor and protect you. Don’t blame myself…“Also, you’d better restrain yourself in front of Su Mingyuan in the future. Although your sister Xiao Ruoruo is undercover with him, do you know how your sister was punished after you dumped his face last time?”“What? Ruoruo? What happened to Ruoruo?!”As soon as these words came out, Xiao Ran was shocked and panicked, and his psychological defence line was about to be completely defeated by Xia Xueqi’s series of verbal attacks.He was about to collapse.