When Xia Xueqi received a call from Su Mingyuan, she was extremely pleasantly surprised.And when she heard Su Mingyuan explain his intentions and that he took the initiative to invite her on a date tomorrow.Xia Xueqi even felt an unexpected ecstasy that fell from the sky.Originally, after returning from Murong Hongxue today, her mood was extremely depressed.Murong Hongxue’s sneaking away had deeply stimulated her.After all, you dare to let Mingyuan sprinkle it on your skirt. I really dare not even think about where you will sprinkle it next time!She was a little doubtful whether it was time to change her kingly strategy.After all, if she dragged it on, maybe Murong Hongxue’s belly would get bigger, and she didn’t even let Mingyuan climb onto her bed willingly!But now, she didn’t feel that there was a problem with her strategy at all.Take a look, listen, Mingyuan took the initiative to call and invite me on a date.You guys like Su Xuelan and Murong Hongxue, have you allowed Mingyuan to do this?Those of your evil sects can only make Mingyuan fascinated by your body for a while, and my step-by-step kingly strategy can really win his heart!You see, isn’t he taking the initiative to invite me on a date because of his curiosity about me on the first two dates?Do you know what the real strategy is?Do you understand the gold content of the identity of a fiancee?Although her mood was soaring with joy, and her snow-white skin couldn’t help but dye with a touch of blush, Xia Xueqi still kept her personality in mind at this time, and she pushed forward the strategy of steady progress.Of course she would agree to this date invitation, but she couldn’t agree so simply.People always didn’t cherish things that were too easy to get, and only those things that were hard-earned would be regarded as treasures.How could Murong Hongxue not understand such a simple truth? It was free once you go up.Oh, that was because she took the initiative to put herself in the position of a lover, and didn’t care how high she could get in Mingyuan’s heart.That was fine.“Mingyuan, could it be that you were also oppressed by your family, so you had no choice but to invite me on a date?” Xia Xueqi’s voice was cold, as if she had no interest in this matter at all.“I think that on the last date, although it was an accident, I should still find a chance to apologise to you, and secondly, I think that our two dates just started and ended in vain, which is a bit regrettable, so… …”“That’s not your truth, Mingyuan, you, the eldest son of the Su family who usually pretends to be a playboy to hide his nature and strength, will never come out to find me on a date for such a simple reason.”But, I just want to brush your favour and see if I can deceive you.Fortunately, Su Mingyuan was already prepared, and had already thought of another set of rhetoric in advance.“Of course those mentioned above are only secondary reasons. The main reason is that I want to use this date to talk to you about forming an alliance.”“To form… an alliance?” Xia Xueqi’s mouth was slightly raised by 0.01 cm.Mingyuan will surprise her more and more.“Tell me in detail.” There was obvious interest in her voice.“Since you have seen through my true identity, then I will not pretend. Xue Qi, you are in a difficult situation in the Xia family, otherwise you would not choose to win over a person like Xiao Ran who has money but no fundamental power, but also being forced to date me by the family all the time. They just want to marry you to my Su family immediately, so that the two of us can fight because of the differences in our personalities, different views, and nature.”“So you need me, you need to form an alliance with me, and you need my cooperation. I will find a way to help you get more power from the Xia family little by little, and even control the Xia family in turn. I will also think about the method to try to delay the engagement as much as possible, so that you have more time to arrange it slowly.”“And as long as you are usually a little closer and sweeter to me in front of your family, it will make our love relationship solid and make them think that you will definitely marry my Su family. Then our young couple wants to get married a few years later. Could it be that they really can’t wait for this time?“When the time comes, when you take control of the Xia family in turn, you will no longer have to look at their faces, and you can freely decide the happiness of your marriage. When the time comes when the Su Xia family joins forces, even the Liu Ye family won’t be our opponent. The names of the four major families in Mingjing are a bit unpleasant, and I think the names of the two major families are just right.”Su Mingyuan talked eloquently, depicting a grand blueprint for the future, and without even hiding it, he bluntly expressed his thoughts, “Of course, it is undeniable that there is also a little selfishness of mine here. Xueqi, although I know that you have a rejection of the engagement with me in your heart.”“But a peerless beauty like you, smart, glamorous and noble, I often can’t help but imagine that if I can win your favour and admiration during the alliance with you, let us change from allies to real kisses. What a wonderful blessing that would be.”He expresses his careful thoughts in such a generous way, but it seemed that he was broad-minded, unusually magnanimous, and very reassuring and convincing.“Mingyuan, I have to say, you really gave me a surprise.”After listening to his words, Xia Xueqi’s always cold voice also fluctuated slightly, as if she was moved by the future he described.“But you said that you wanted to form an alliance with me, and you wanted to turn the names of the four major families into two major families, but what you really thought in your heart was that if you could take me down, you would take the Xia family too. Come on, if the four major families go to the third, Mingjing will really become your Su family and cover the sky, won’t it?”Su Mingyuan didn’t refute, but smiled and said, “Xueqi, maybe the final outcome will be that you have completely hooked my soul and let me crawl under your feet willingly and become the empress of Mingjing who takes all the power?”“Mingyuan, do you know that just now, your evaluation in my heart has risen sharply, making me appreciate you more and more, and I become more and more interested in you. Hahaha.” Xia Xueqi suddenly smiled softly.