‘Problem?’‘How could there be a problem with Xia Xueqi’s plan?’Although she had made some small changes at the last minute, she didn’t feel that it had caused much of an impact.She expelled Xiao Ran, so that she would no longer have to face that disgusting face of his.Although she was extremely unwilling to scold Su Mingyuan, she didn’t let Xiao Ran hit Su Mingyuan’s face because she immediately fired him.She had also promised that the plot would not change too much. She had even driven Xiao Ran to fight with the Xia family to destroy each other.‘From the looks of it, her planning was simply too perfect!’Every time she thought of Su Mingyuan being threatened and oppressed by the World Will, she could only accept the fate of being slapped in the face by Xiao Ran. She felt indignant.She could completely imagine how hard Su Mingyuan felt when he was slapped in the face by Xiao Ran.So, as long as there was a scene of her appearing, she would never let Su Mingyuan be insulted by Xiao Ran!‘She could not let him suffer the slightest grievance from Xiao Ran!’In any case, he was seriously playing the villain according to the World Will’s orders. It had nothing to do with Xiao Ran’s failure. He had already performed impeccably and exceptionally perfectly.As a cold process, the World Will needed him to continue playing the villain and deduce the plot of fate. It had no reason to punish him for it.Therefore, Xia Xueqi felt that she was doing the right thing.‘She was even thinking that the moment she expelled Xiao Ran and insulted the world’s main character, Su Mingyuan should have been shocked and happy, right?’As a villain who had to be insulted by the main character according to the plot, he must have some resentment towards Xiao Ran.‘If he couldn’t do anything, then I’d help him find his place.’‘Although he and I were enemies in the plot, the moment he saw Xiao Ran being slapped in the face, Su Mingyuan must have felt a sense of satisfaction. He would have a good impression of me, right?’Xia Xueqi thought this way.In short, she felt that her performance today was the same as Su Mingyuan’s villain act.It was impeccable, exceptionally perfect.So, how could there be a problem with Su Mingyuan’s role and hers?Moreover, she knew that Su Xuelan wasn’t worried that something would go wrong with this performance.Because they knew each other too well, they knew and believed that the other party would never go wrong in such a matter.Su Xuelan only used these words as a tacit introduction.‘I know you’re reborn. Looks like you also know I’m reborn, so let’s talk about the future.’This was the meaning behind her words.Xia Xueqi spoke up, “What do you think about the plan after rebirth?”She was very direct because she knew that Su Xuelan was as smart as she was. It was just a waste of time for the two of them to beat around the bush.So, Su Xuelan repeated what she had said in front of Xiao Ruoruo.“In order to ensure Su Mingyuan’s safety, we have to absolutely follow the storyline of the novel in every plot that involves him ……”“Su Xuelan, you’re good at changing concepts.” Xia Xueqi sneered, “If we follow your plan, then I, the female protagonist, who has been going against Su Mingyuan in the plot, and who has been madly insulting him with Xiao Ran, will only be hated by him. I will never be able to win his favour or even get him to like me.”“It’s a pity that you can only deceive that little idiot Xiao Ruoruo, not me. I fired Xiao Ran in front of Su Mingyuan today and I didn’t see what the World Will did to him.”Su Xuelan sighed. “Actually, I haven’t even lied to Ruoruo about this plan… I didn’t expect her to be so stupid.”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Haha, not that stupid? So you deliberately let her stay by Su Mingyuan’s side?” Xia Xueqi seemed to have seen through something and laughed coldly again.“That’s right. After all, her identity is there. Only she, Xiao Ran’s sister, can gain Xiao Ran’s complete trust. If we want to kill Xiao Ran, we must rely on her help. So, although I was unwilling, in order for her to cooperate with us in the future, I could only endure the pain and give her a taste of the sweetness ……”Su Xuelan spoke as if she was unwilling, but her tone carried a smile.“That’s right, she can only benefit from it. After all, no matter how hard she tried to improve Su Mingyuan’s impression of her, her identity as Xiao Ran’s sister would always be a thorn in his heart. She would never be able to make Su Mingyuan truly fall in love with her. Su Xuelan, you’ve already figured this out, right?”Xia Xueqi ruthlessly and coldly revealed Su Xuelan’s thoughts.Yes, no one knew her better than she did. They were once close comrades.However, this time…“Xueqi, my good sister, you always know me as well as I know you.”Su Xuelan’s spring breeze-like voice came from the other end of the phone. “It looks like we can continue to fight side by side this time and try our best to make up for the regret of our previous life. This time, I will protect Mingyuan and not let him be harmed by anyone.”‘Protect Su Mingyuan from being harmed by anyone?’Xia Xueqi sneered silently.She probably wanted to “protect” Su Mingyuan. It meant she couldn’t let him be seduced by other women like us and fall into the trap of love, right?How could she not guess Su Xuelan’s thoughts?As for Su Mingyuan’s brother, who was not related by blood, what she was thinking and longing for…#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comHehe.It was still the same crucial point as Xiao Ruoruo.Identity.Even though she, Su Xuelan, had tried her best to develop a relationship with Su Mingyuan, she was still Su Mingyuan’s sister. She would never be able to do anything.While her identity as Xia Xueqi was Su Mingyuan’s fiancée!“Su Xuelan, this hypocritical woman, has a nice mouth. She called me a good sister and said that she wanted to work together with me, but in her heart, she must be thinking how to guard against me.”‘Unfortunately, as Su Mingyuan’s fiancée, I have too much space to control. Even if I wanted to, I wouldn’t be able to.’The corners of Xia Xueqi’s mouth subconsciously curved upwards at the thought of this.“What do you plan to do about dealing with Xiao Ran?” she asked.“We don’t have enough strength and power right now. Of course, we need to accumulate strength and weaken his wings at the same time. We need to find a chance to launch a fatal attack on him!”As soon as she talked about Xiao Ran, Su Xuelan’s tone changed from gentle to stern, “At this moment, my parents have left most of the family’s assets to me to manage. I’m already preparing to reduce Xiao Ran’s wings.“As a branch disciple of the Xiao Family, Xiao Ran’s parents made many connections when they went down the mountain to help the Xiao Family. They also helped promote many people. Some of these people are currently in a high position, and they were also concerned about Xiao Ran’s parents. Once Xiao Ran secretly revealed his identity, he would definitely receive their help.“So, before Xiao Ran finds them, I’m going to take them down in advance so that he doesn’t have a chance to form a network of influence!”Xia Xueqi nodded slightly. She knew Su Xuelan would not disappoint her.Then, she told the other party her current plan.Then, there was silence.After a while, Xia Xueqi suddenly asked, “Have you practised Su Mingyuan’s Heaven-Clearing Jade Divine Technique?”Yes, at that time, Su Mingyuan, who only wanted to have a good time after his death, even crazily wrote down Xiao Ran’s most important cultivation technique as the main character, the Heaven-Clearing Jade Divine Technique, in his diary.This was also one of the most important reasons why the female lead joined forces to kill Xiao Ran.“I’ve practised, of course I’ve practised. However, I’ve only been reborn a few days ago, and I’ve only just developed a sense of qi. Fortunately, this divine technique can improve and purify the true qi by absorbing the jade essence of the top-grade good jade. Oh right, do you need jade?”“I don’t need it, because a truly top-grade good jade is equivalent to an extremely rare and precious spirit jade that is like a heavenly treasure. It’s impossible to buy in the market, but… We all know where it is, right?”Xia Xueqi suddenly chuckled.Su Xuelan also smiled.Because they all knew where the other party was talking about.As the main character, Xiao Ran, of course, didn’t have to face Su Mingyuan at all times. There was only one thing that mattered in his life. It was to show off in front of Su Mingyuan and slap him in the face.Su Mingyuan was only the most important villain in the middle stage of “Urban Supremacy Emperor”. Xiao Ran would encounter other villains, fortuitous encounters, and beauties along the way.Of course, Su Xuelan and Xia Xueqi knew the location of his fortuitous encounter.“I’ve already sent someone to Tianqing Mountain Range,” Su Xuelan replied.“I’ve also instructed my trusted subordinates over at Heaven’s End Canyon,” Xia Xueqi said.“I’ve also sent people to the Snow Ridge Secret Pool,” Su Xuelan replied.“I haven’t completely taken control of the Xia family yet. However, you have to leave the ones from the Dragon Transformation Mountain Range to me!” Xia Xueqi said.Following that, the two of them exchanged a few words, and the spots where Xiao Ran would have fortuitous encounters in the future were completely allocated.When the assignment ended, on the other end of the phone, the two of them were like sisters sharing secrets, they laughed out loud.They were still so tacit.But they quickly fell silent again.After a while, Xia Xueqi suddenly said, “Su Xuelan, we must end this as soon as possible before those women come out.”“Yes, I know. Those women who will only appear at the end of the plot. Since they will only appear at the end of the plot, why don’t they not appear?”Su Xuelan’s voice was as cold as Xia Xueqi’s in an iceberg state.As expected of the former sisters.“Xiao Ling’er of the Xiao family, Yue Lianxin of the Fairy Doctor Valley, Li Shuya of Korea, and the Kagura of Japan ……”Xia Xueqi chuckled. “They probably don’t know what’s going on yet. They think they’re the only ones reborn. In order not to change the plot and also to kill Xiao Ran, they are probably hiding in their own territory and preparing to wait until they have enough power to kill Xiao Ran before they can follow the development of the plot.”“That’s why the two of us sisters have to work hard to get everything to an end before they go on stage. The dust will settle down, so that they won’t have to work so hard to kill Xiao Ran and suffer an extra hardship, right, Xueqi?”At this point, a smile appeared on Su Xuelan’s face.They knew each other so well that they could easily guess each other’s thoughts.“You’re right. It’s best to have fewer competitors.” Xia Xueqi’s voice gradually softened.“What about Liu Mengning?”Su Xuelan asked.“According to the plot, she’s the one Su Mingyuan wants and likes. Heh, that woman must be waiting for Su Mingyuan to come and pursue her.” Xia Xueqi sneered.‘Liu Mengning? Liu Mengning?’‘It was not a threat at all.’‘If she thought that she could take advantage of the plot to sit on the fishing platform, then she would be gravely mistaken.’“By the way, there is another person. Murong Hongxue, what are you going to do?” Su Xuelan asked.“Didn’t you only mention her in the end so that I could rope her in?”‘How could Xia Xueqi not know Su Xuelan’s thoughts?’“If you have Ruoruo to help you, then I’ll find Murong Hongxue to be my helper. Is that alright?”“No problem.Xue Qi, you are indeed worthy of being a good sister.”Xia Xueqi chuckled. “It would be great if that was what you were thinking. I’ m hanging up.”Du——The moment they put down the phone, the smiles on their faces disappeared.“Xueqi, one family can’t accommodate two powerfulpeople.Youknow what I’m thinking, but I know you won’t give in to me, right? Because, who asked me to know you so well…” Su Xuelan muttered as she watched the call hang up.“Hur hur, it’s good that we’re sisters ……”In the office, Xia Xueqi smiled coldly.………………After receiving Xia Xueqi’s promise, Xiao Ran walked out of the Xuanmei Building in an extremely happy mood.Before, he had never known about love. He didn’t know what it was like to fall in love with someone.Now, he seemed to know.At this moment, he looked up at the scenery around him. He had never felt that the sky was so blue, the wind was so refreshing, and the trees were so green.At that moment, he suddenly saw Su Mingyuan’s Rolls Royce still standing at the entrance of the building.‘Eh, why is this guy still here?’Xiao Ran was puzzled, but he did not think too much.However, since they had met, he could find Ruoruo to ask her how the work was going.Some things might not be easy to say on the phone, so it was better to have an interview. Moreover, he hadn’t seen Ruoruo for a day or two, so he still missed her.At this thought, he walked to the Rolls Royce’s car door and tapped on the window.“Dong, dong, dong ……”***