“Yours?”Su Mingyuan was too lazy to care about Liu Mengning’s mood at that time.“I don’t mind if you want to be with us. But, I’m sorry that tonight’s heroine isn’t you. After all, I have a date with Xueqi tonight, and my family is watching! As for you, go back for a while, do whatever you want, and just don’t disturb me and Xueqi.”He said such outrageous and slightly offensive words to Liu Mengning so frankly and without any scruples.If you, Liu Mengning, want to join and make it a threesome, I don’t mind, but you are a light bulb, be conscious, be quiet, and don’t disturb my date with Xueqi, okay?Although these words were quite different from the characters in the original novel who showcased that he was her dog, it might arouse Liu Mengning’s suspicions.But so what?I think this is also in line with my villain identity!I like you, I pursue you, but I can’t arrogantly say what I want?Su Mingyuan looked into Liu Mengning’s eyes and smiled.Come on, Liu Mengning, let me see your reaction now.I don’t believe that you will agree to my outrageous invitation. I don’t believe that you won’t feel bad about what I say. Although my character in front of you has changed, as long as you continue to treat me with original disdain, even hate me, despise me, that would be better!Because……“It’s too much like a scumbag’s speech.” Liu Mengning covered her mouth with an elegant chuckle, raised her eyes, and looked at Su Mingyuan with a smile, as if she was genuinely entertained.Seeing the smile on her face, Su Mingyuan was stunned for a moment.Xia Xueqi was even more confused, and she didn’t know why Liu Mengning could still laugh.It had come to this moment, the poisonous plan to force them was destroyed, Su Mingyuan abandoned her and chose Xia Xueqi. She had completely failed. Maybe, because of this behaviour tonight, Su Mingyuan left a bad impression in her heart.It had come to such a moment of failure.She even made a speech that was comparable to that of a defeated dog.She was still able to laugh, and smiled so gracefully and brilliantly.She was still laughing!Xia Xueqi, who had watched Liu Mengning’s expression from beginning to end, could see clearly that this willful bad woman had no trace of jealousy in her expression when she saw her and Mingyuan walking hand in hand, and even when she heard what Mingyuan just said, as if…As if this was the ending she had expected, as if she just wanted to see this scene.The smile on her face was not the kind of smile that was disguised and forced.She was really happy from the bottom of her heart!This made Xia Xueqi herself, who wanted to see Liu Mengning’s jealous expression, unwillingness, and discomfort, feel a bit disappointed.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comShe has already been defeated. Why can she laugh so happily? She is so heartless. Doesn’t she feel a little sad and unwilling?At that time, Xia Xueqi had faintly noticed something was wrong.Then to Su Mingyuan’s surprise, in Xia Xueqi’s subtle premonition, Liu Mengning agreed.“Okay, I originally wanted to experience the feeling of speeding on a roller coaster. It just so happened that I could also help Xue Xue supervise you, lest you scumbag have any bad thoughts about her, right?”Looking at Liu Mengning’s smiling face, Su Mingyuan only felt that he had punched cotton, and was completely at a loss.What kind of calculus is this woman performing…And……“Why do I always feel that you don’t feel angry at all for the rude and offensive words I just said?”“Why would I be angry?” Liu Mengning tilted her head and looked at him curiously, “It’s better to say that I was very disgusted by your bootlicking behaviour before. Now…”She stepped forward and gave him a playful wink.“Mr. Scum, I suddenly think you are quite interesting.”Su Mingyuan suddenly had a bad feeling.He felt as if he had suddenly buried himself in a hole. It would be better if his actions invited Liu Mengning’s bad feelings.But, the ghost knows why Liu Mengning not only lost a lot of his hatred for him, but also suddenly felt that he was a very interesting person.If it was her turn to play the next drama, he would have a heart attack. She was not act according to the script, and gave investment opportunity to Su Mingyuan, which originally should have been given to Xiao Ran…There was a certain possibility that Liu Mengning would do such an outrageous thing, although the probability was very small.But, according to the classic Murphy’s Law, Su Mingyuan had reason to suspect that things were likely to develop in the worst direction!Now he was relieved, his thoughts were well-informed, frank, and without any scruples.But, it was completely conceivable how much effort it would take for him to transform into a white knight to remedy the plot and persuade Liu Mengning.But……Never mind.After that, leave it to your future self to solve it.Now, no matter what Liu Mengning thinks of me, my priority tonight is to win over Xueqi!At that time, I will conquer the fourth of the five heroines in the early and middle stages of the plot. Can you, Liu Mengning, do anything then?Su Mingyuan took Xia Xueqi’s hand and walked towards the gate of the amusement park.In front of the two of them, Liu Mengning had her hands behind her back. Like a little girl looking forward to coming to an amusement park, she walked happily, humming an old song of this world happily in her mouth.If Su Mingyuan listened carefully, he would have heard that this was an old song he used to sing on the flyover.She was really happy.Very happy.If Su Mingyuan really let Xue Xue leave under her pressure just now, and chose to follow the character for the plot, he would pursue her here with an affectionate look of a dog.That would make her disappointed and sad, secretly sad for a long time.Because in her heart, the white knight was like the gentle moonlight. He was such a handsome and unrestrained person, and would never do anything that would make a girl cry.Not even the persecution of the will of the world.Fortunately, he had not changed since he was reborn in this life.Having confirmed this fact, Liu Mengning felt extremely happy.She was so happy that even if Su Mingyuan and Xia Xueqi were dating in front of her, she would not feel so sad.She even smiled and took the initiative to invite the two of them.“Xuexue, Su Mingyuan, do you want to ride the roller coaster with me? After climbing to the highest point, the feeling of ‘suddenly’ falling to the lowest point in a few seconds is very exciting and great!”Great?“Mengning, do you like this feeling of falling?” Xia Xueqi asked in confusion.“Of course! But it’s more than that.”Liu Mengning turned around gracefully, and gestured cutely.“Although you are pushed by gravityand fall to the lowest point in an instant with extremely fast acceleration, but soon, you can quickly climb to the highest point again under this acceleration, falling together. This experience is really interesting, isn’t it?”She looked at Xia Xueqi and said with a smile.