Liu Mengning did not take Su Mingnuan to the five-star hotel where she was staying.Although he knew that even if he went to the hotel, with the progress of their current relationship, it would be impossible for that kind of thing to happen. Still, Su Mingyuan felt an inexplicable regret in his heart.How to put it, this unrealistic delusion……Oh, it’s just a common problem for men.What made Su Mingyuan even more surprised was that Liu Mengning took him to a formal art room, and really let him teach her painting skills there.Everyone liked to be a good teacher, and it was even more enjoyable to show their excellence in front of beautiful girls.And in the process of teaching, there was inevitably a little physical contact. Like hand-in-hand teaching about drawing or something….But Su Mingyuan always felt… the progress seemed to be a bit slow.Or rather, he couldn’t help being anxious.It’s good to take it slow, but I don’t really want to teach you how to draw!Hey!Seeing Liu Mengning holding a brush while staring at the painting, Su Mingyuan began to feel a little impatient.Liu Mengning was not in a hurry or impatient. When she sat there, she had a peaceful and quiet temperament surrounding her, like a noble fairy who didn’t belong to the mortal world.But, when Su Mingyuan was teaching her, this noble fairy seemed to have strayed into the red dust. The occasional physical contact between the two would make her blush slightly. Her shy eyes, silky touch, and the close distance allowed them to feel each other’s body temperature.It was as if the pure and unsullied noble fairy was forcibly pulled into the mortal world by Su Mingyuan, and he was fiddling with her heartstrings, staining her with crimson blushes.As a result, this secretly titillated Su Mingyuan, and his heart became restless.The more quiet and natural she was, the more ethereal and lofty she appeared in his eyes. The more he couldn’t help but want to get closer to her. He wanted to hold the fairy in his arms and see her show more shyness, so that she could dye her own colour in crimson……Liu Mengning was actually very good at playing hard to get.This bad knight! Bad My Big Hero! Last time, someone took the initiative to invite you to stay, and you pretended to leave mysteriously, causing me to think of you every night for the past two days, looking forward to meeting you again.Hmph, this time, I will also let you taste the unbearable anxiety!Liu Mengning painted for nearly two hours before it was completed.In the process, Su Mingyuan didn’t have any chance to get close to her except for touching her little hand for the reason of pointing direction.After all, the person he showed in front of Liu Mengning was a mysterious, kind, powerful, and slightly cold handsome guy. Being too proactive would only make her feel a little awkward. On the contrary, it might make Liu Mengning think he was very boring.But, Su Mingyuan’s whole heart was itchy.When he was with Ruoruo, that shy little girl would take the initiative to ask him for a kiss and hug.When he was with Xueqi, even during the first two dates when their relationship hadn’t reached that point, good things would always happen. After the night of the ferris wheel passed, now it was even more possible to hold hands with her openly, kiss and touch or something. As long as he could make contact with Xueqi afterwards, it shouldn’t be a problem.Not to mention Hongxue, it was simply that she took the initiative to hug and touch him before he even spoke.Sister Su Xuelan… Uh, sister doesn’t count!In short.For the first time, he had been alone with a female protagonist for nearly two hours, but he had done nothing except touch her little hand!In the whole process, she was really asking him for painting skills seriously, and she was really painting without letting her thoughts wander.This made Su Mingyuan very unaccustomed.It would be okay if Liu Mengning had been in such a focused and serious state all the time.However, as soon as Su Mingyuan had intimate physical contact with her, a shy blush covered her cheeks, making her appear extremely seductive. It made her whole person exude an amazing charm.On the contrary, Su Mingyuan’s heart became more and more itchy.Hey, Liu Mengning, what are you so shy about?!When you met with me as a knight in white for the first time in the park that day, you were able to call me My Big Hero generously, pulling the corner of my clothes and inviting me to stay.Why did you just want to learn painting  and allow me to touch your hand from time to time, getting all shy?You’re playing the hard-to-get game too, aren’t you?If it wasn’t for the fact that Liu Mengning had little physical contact with him before, this time, in the name of painting, he really got seduced.Whatever the girl’s temperament, she would be embarrassed when she first touched the skin of the opposite sex she liked. It was understandable that Liu Mengning was a little shy and embarrassed. Su Mingyuan really didn’t suspect that she was also playing tactics with him before?Shouldn’t this be unnecessary?This is the second time we have met!Liu Mengning put down her brush and looked at the painting in front of her with satisfaction.—–WANT TO READ MORE???CLICK HERE