Xia Xueqi’s lungs were really going to explode!So, Murong Hongxue asked me to come to Lingxue Pavilion just to let me see this scene?I swear that last night, Su Mingyuan was held in arms by her and forced to be kissed by her?Yes, in Xia Xueqi’s heart, her Mingyuan was forced, and it was not his fault.Well, in fact, she still had a little bit of blame for him in her heart, but not much.The main reason was that men were not like this, genes determined that men were born to be affectionate.Additionally, in Mingyuan’s previous life diary, although he recorded his affection for her, the bad guy also recorded his emotional moments towards other heroines.Not to mention that there was a more realistic example that happened in front of her in the previous life.As the protagonist, Xiao Ran openly opened the harem!Although he did not take advantage of his female protagonists until they died, it was outrageous.But after so much foreshadowing, Xia Xueqi faintly had the idea that Su Mingyuan could have other women by default.But, acquiescence did not mean acceptance.Even if she had to accept it, she hoped that apart from her, the fewer women who stay by Mingyuan’s side, the better.She was the main wife, and she could occupy the biggest position in Mingyuan’s heart!Therefore, in the conference call between her and Su Xuelan before, they discussed the other female protagonists who couldn’t appear until the middle and late stages, so it was best for them to not come out.And Su Xuelan, a woman with strong desire to control, if she could be excluded from Mingyuan’s harem, Xia Xueqi would be very happy.Originally, in her mind, she was reluctantly accepting that apart from her, Mingyuan could be allowed to have women like Ruoruo and Murong Hongxue who were willing to be his mistress.Maybe…I could also add Liu Mengning?In addition, other women are not allowed to join in, they must be excluded!But now, how can you, Murong Hongxue, act like you are willing to be mistress?Seeing the scene where Mingyuan wanted to break free, but was instead being held tightly by Murong Hongxue. Especially when this woman was still throwing a very provocative look at her, Xia Xueqi’s anger burst into flames.“Mu, Rong, Hong, Xue!”Her cold face was flushed with anger, and she stepped forward, wanting to separate the two.Murong Hongxue, on the other hand, lingered on Su Mingyuan’s lips in fascination and tasted it for a while before turning her head and looking at her with a smile.“Xueqi, my lover and I are making out, why are you angry?”“By the way, I forgot to introduce you.” Murong Hongxue caressed Su Mingyuan’s chest lightly, leaned in his arms in an intimate and ambiguous manner, and said, “This is my lover, his name is inconvenient to reveal to you. You can call him a knight.”knight?That is obviously my knight!He said that he will protect and accompany me all my life, forever!Xia Xueqi clenched her teeth tightly, and there was obvious anger in her snow-like eyes. Even though she had infinite anger at the moment and wanted to tear Murong Hongxue’s proud face to pieces, she calmly handled the situation.“Xueqi, you are really strange.” Murong Hongxue leaned lazily in Su Mingyuan’s arms, her expression seemed a little puzzled, but her eyes were full of playfulness when she looked at Xia Xueqi.“He’s my lover, not your fiancé who had a romantic date with you last night. I don’t even know what you’re mad at. Besides, seeing that I finally found a good man, you as a sister, shouldn’t you be happy, and bless me?”Yes, the white knight standing in front of Xia Xueqi now was not her fiance Su Mingyuan.In this life, she had never seen Su Mingyuan with such an image at all, and this was the first time she had met the white knight.So it stood to reason that she didn’t know the white knight at all, and she had no reason to be angry at all!This was why Xia Xueqi was full of anger. Even if she wanted to immediately tear up Murong Hongxue’s little mouth that kissed Mingyuan and kept making fun of her, in the end she had to stop and couldn’t do anything.And now she was absolutely no match for Murong Hongxue in terms of force…She really couldn’t do anything.Damn it!“I just, I think that since you invited me here, you ignored me and others… Are you disrespecting me?” Xia Xueqi almost gritted her teeth and stumbled to find such a far-fetched reason.“Xueqi, you are my good sister, and you are not an outsider or a guest, so of course you don’t need so much etiquettes. Rather, it is because of you that I can show my feelings with my lover.”Murong Hongxue repeatedly dismissed her accusations, and said directly to Xia Xueqi whose face was turning colder each second.“By the way, Xueqi, as my good sister, are you really unwilling to give me a blessing? Then I really will be sad in secret for a long time.”She pretended to be a little sad and wanted to cry. Xia Xueqi suddenly couldn’t get off the acting, and the little hand behind her back was tightly clenched into a fist.Not only are you so intimate with my Mingyuan in front of me, but also want me to send blessings to you?Murong Hongxue, you really… did all the bad things!But… according to logic, I must do it now!Xia Xueqi was so angry that the clothes on herchest were about to burst. She almost gritted her teeth, as if she was carrying some deep hatred, and squeezed out a few words from her throat with a distressed face.“I wish you all happiness and joy in the future.”After saying this, she almost used up all her strength.However, Murong Hongxue not only did not intend to let her go like this, but instead pursued her while she was victorious, and wanted to attack her as much as possible!“Thank you Xueqi for your blessing. My knight, are you happy to hear her blessing too?”While showing a charming smile, Murong Hongxue gently kissed Su Mingyuan’s lips, expressing her inner joy, and cast a happy look at her.Xia Xueqi’s eyes immediately turned red!As for Su Mingyuan, from the moment Xia Xueqi appeared, his body was stiff and his scalp was numb. At that moment, he was kissed by Murong Hongxue in front of her, and his whole body fell into an even greater panic.Hongxue, my little aunt, please don’t make trouble!In case Xueqi finds out I am Su Mingyuan, and I have two boats. No! The matter of multiple boats is likely to be completely exposed!And many more!Find? exposed?It wasn’t until then that Su Mingyuan came back to his senses from the outage of his brain that he suddenly realised.How could I be exposed? I am a righteous white knight now, not the villain Su Mingyuan.With the blessing of the white knight suit, it is impossible for anyone to recognize my real body!Not even Xueqi!So… what was I just panicking about? What was I feeling guilty about?Su Mingyuan was a little embarrassed and ashamed of his performance just now.In the future, I, Su Mingyuan, have to deal with several other female protagonists from time to time, but in such a small scene, I panicked, how can this happen?It is necessary to strengthen my psychological strength in this regard!From now on, from this moment!At that time, it was time to act frankly and generously in front of Xue Qi, as if it was the first time he met her.I’m a stranger in front of her now, and she doesn’t recognize me, so Hongxue and I are a little closer, and kissing a few times, what’s the matter?Su Mingyuan fully reacted at that time. He put his arms around Murong Hongxue without any burden in his heart, and gave Xia Xueqi a distant but polite smile, “Hello, Miss Xia.”Miss Xia…Seeing Su Mingyuan’s distant and polite smile, she heard his strange and distant address.Xia Xueqi finally realised the aggrieved and uncomfortable state of mind when Su Xuelan could only hide under the shade of willows, peeping at her and Mingyuan, and she didn’t have a choice other than witnessing them from the sidelines.A pity that she had been mocking Su Xuelan in her heart before, mocking that she could only watch every time, but couldn’t do anything.Unexpectedly, at that moment, she also became like Su Xuelan?