No matter how prosperous the city was, there were still slums.It was as if there were still many abandoned and uninhabited brothels in an international metropolis like Ming City.Meanwhile, the Xia family’s Third Uncle, Xia Chengquan, had just been kidnapped. His entire body was tied to a concrete pillar of an abandoned building.He had never thought that he would be angered at Xia Xueqi’s place in the morning. He complained to the family and was about to find his mistress to vent his emotions when a man suddenly appeared on the road and knocked him out.Xiao Ran had never expected that he would be able to find out the range of Xia Chengquan’s activities through the local thugs he had met two days ago.He confidently sent Xia Xueqi a message that he would give her a surprise within two days.She just walked to Xia Chengquan’s mistress’ house and prepared to step on her.Then, he ran into a real surprise.The target he wanted to kidnap——Xia Chengquan.Xia Xueqi had never thought that she would be able to get rid of the disgust she felt from pretending in front of Xiao Ran in the morning by hugging and kissing Su Mingyuan.In the end, the man who said he would give him a surprise within two days had given her a huge shock in less than two hours.This guy was so lucky that he ran into the target of the mission and tied Xia Chengquan up without any effort!She was admiring the photo, so she could only endure the discomfort and drive to the address sent by Xiao Ran.Inside the abandoned building.Xiao Ran had thought that Xia Xueqi would smile at him after seeing him tie Xia Chengquan up.However, to his surprise, Xia Xueqi was not as happy as he had imagined when she saw Third Uncle Xia tied to a concrete pillar. Instead, she frowned.“Xueqi, what’s wrong? Could it be that you don’t like this surprise?” Xiao Ran asked in confusion.He didn’t understand. He had obviously kidnapped Third Uncle Xia, who had been fighting with her in the morning, to avenge her. Why was she still unhappy?Xia Xueqi crossed her arms and looked at him in disappointment.“Xiao Ran, if you want to give me a surprise that is just kidnapping. To be honest, I’m a little disappointed.”“Because you kidnapped him. Apart from being evil, you can’t cause him any damage. When he returned, he could still use the Xia Family’s power to target me and would become even more aggressive.”“Even if you kill him here, it will only worsen the situation. Let’s not talk about whether or not we can find out that you’re the murderer. Even if we don’t find out about you, the Xia family will definitely retaliate against the people who have recently become enemies with Xia Chengquan. And among those people, you and I happen to be the one.”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“And the most important thing is that.” Xia Xueqi raised a finger and pointed at the shivering Xia Chengquan. “You kidnapped him and tied him up here. You don’t even know how to cover his ears and eyes, so we can only kill and silence him. We can’t find any reason to let him go back.”“I see.”Xiao Ran finally understood why Xia Xueqi was not happy with his surprise.“Xueqi, you’re really a smart woman. You just came here to take a look at the current situation and you’ve already thought of so many things.”“But you’re worrying too much. Why don’t I cover this guy’s ears and eyes? Why am I confident that this is a pleasant surprise for you?”He walked to Xia Chengquan’s side and kicked him disdainfully. He pointed at his old face that was filled with fear and said confidently to Xia Xueqi, “Because aside from killing people to silence him, there’s another reason to let him go back.”“That is, he has completely submitted to us. He has become our man!”Xia Xueqi’s eyes were slightly surprised by Xiao Ran’s words.This made Xiao Ran very proud because he had never seen Xia Xueqi, an iceberg beauty, show such an expression towards another man.“So… You’ve already used some method to control him?”“Of course!” Xiao Ran’s voice was filled with confidence.“Xueqi, this old man has completely submitted to me and us after suffering a lot. Hey, you old dog. Do you know what you should do in the future?”Xiao Ran kicked Xia Chengquan.A look of terror appeared on Xia Chengquan’s face. It was as if he was recalling something that terrified him. His voice trembled as he spoke.“Zhi…I know. From now on, you will be my immediate superior. My master, I will never betray you. I will faithfully carry out all your orders and instructions.”“Remember, in the future, she will also be your master. You must also obey her orders, understand?” Xiao Ran pointed at Xia Xueqi.“Zhi… Got it.” Xia Chengquan nodded repeatedly. This terrified look was not the slightest bit majestic as when he scolded Xia Xueqi in the morning.Xia Xueqi’s eyes lit up as she watched this scene.“Xiao Ran, I’m very curious about how you made him listen to you.”Xiao Ran revealed a mysterious smile at her. “Xueqi, I wonder if you’ve heard of her before… Life-Death Talismans?”“Life-Death Talismans?”Xia Xueqi raised her elbow and thought for a while before she suddenly thought of something and looked at Xiao Ran in shock.“You are… someone from the Xiao family?”Yes, if Xiao Ran was a member of the Xiao family and he had the ability to control life and death with the Life-Death Talisman, then it would make sense for him to control Xia Chengquan in such a short period of time.Seeing the shock in Xia Xueqi’s eyes, Xiao Ran felt a sense of satisfaction and joy from the bottom of his heart.“Xueqi, perhaps in your eyes, money and power are the greatest factors in the world. So, at first, you thought it was stupid of me to kidnap Xia Chengquan. But!”At this point, Xiao Ran looked around like a wolf, as if the king was inspecting his country. His open palms suddenly clenched into fists.“But when you’re strong and terrifying enough, you don’t have to care about money and power. You have enough power to threaten it, destroy it, or even control it! Fist is power!”At this moment, Xiao Ran saw with satisfaction that the way Xia Xueqi looked at him had completely changed, and her eyes were filled with surprise and admiration.“Xiao Ran, I have to say that you have impressed me. I think you’re fully qualified to be my partner and attend banquets and receptions with me in various high circles.”Thinking of Xia Xueqi’s indifference to him before, and looking at the admiration in Xia Xueqi’s eyes at this time, he felt great satisfaction and joy. Xia Xueqi showed him a smile that had never been shown in front of other men.“Xueqi, about my identity, you have to keep it a secret for me.”“Of course, we are partners, aren’t we?” Xia Xueqi smiled lightly.Xiao Ran was almost taken aback.Just then, his phone rang suddenly.It was from Ruoruo.Xiao Ran looked at the people around him, one was a woman he liked and admired, and the other was a slave whose life and death were completely controlled by him.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comThere was nothing to hide about this call.And it just happened to let them know that Su Mingyuan, who was always looking for trouble with him, actually already had his own undercover agent!This could just show his foresight in front of them, and let them know that he was not a waste bag like Su Mingyuan!‘I already have everything in my hands!’So Xiao Ran answered the phone in high spirits without any hesitation.***