How could Liu Mengning invite him to dinner as Xiao Ran wished?That was what a true hero should be treated to.Xiao Ran?Does he fit too? Does he deserve it?The people around Su Mingyuan gathered in a huge number at first, but luckily the wandering singer who had been instructed by him came out to help him.He let everyone evacuate as soon as possible, so they don’t block the traffic there. The master sang a song for everyone today, and saved the life of a little stranger, so everyone should be content, and understand the master’s mood.He didn’t want to be surrounded by too many people, and the ones who should leave will leave.Coupled with the presence of the traffic police, the gathered crowd soon dispersed. Everything returned back to normal after their departure.So, Liu Mengning walked in front of Su Mingyuan very easily. There was no obstruction in her way, and she stood in front of him with her sweet scent following along with her.“My Big Hero, we meet again.” She looked at him with a smile.The joy in her eyes and the vivid smile on the corner of her mouth were completely different from the perfunctory smile she usually showed in front of Xiao Ran.Xiao Ran suddenly felt an arrow in his heart. Liu Mengning had never smiled at him like this before!And… My Big Hero?Are they both close enough to call out such nicknames?Su Mingyuan didn’t expect Liu Mengning to leave Xiao Ran and come to his side. Just now, the time was little. He was busy holding the little boy and rushing out of the dangerous area, so he didn’t have time to notice what happened on the other side.Could it be that Xiao Ran’s hero saves the beauty failed?Xiao Ran’s heroic plan to save the Liu Mengning did not succeed.Liu Mengning originally planned that when Su Mingyuan rushed over to save her, she could take advantage of the situation to hug his neck and lean into his arms, using this life-saving grace to get closer to him.But, she did not expect that, unlike the original plot, there was a child in danger on this dangerous section of the road!At that moment, she chose to pull Liu Xi to save herself without hesitation, because she knew her white knight, and she knew what choice he would make.But, Xiao Ran couldn’t take advantage of it.And Su Mingyuan did not disappoint her.Liu Mengning’s beautiful eyes glowed with brilliance. Although blocked by sunglasses, he seemed to be able to feel her fiery gaze.“My Big Hero, you said that we would meet again by fate. It seems that we are really destined.”Shouldn’t it be you and me?It was the same last time in the park, and this time too, I’m the one who is truly destined to meet you just by wandering around at will!No one cared about Xiao Ran’s inner complaints. Su Mingyuan smiled lightly, and said calmly, “Miss Liu, long time no see.”“Call me Mengning!” Liu Mengning tugged at the corner of his clothes, pouted slightly, and said with some dissatisfaction, “I called you Big Hero!”Those slightly upturned lips were like plump peaches, with a tender and attractive luster, which matched her coquettish and angered appearance. It was really heartwarming, and he couldn’t help but want to take a bite.How can there be such a beautiful woman in this world?Xiao Ran looked at this scene and felt a pain in his heart.When Su Mingyuan called Liu Mengning “Miss Liu” just now then he was a little relieved. However, Liu Mengning’s coquettish appearance towards his junior brother, when she asked him to call her Mengning directly, was a direct hit to his heart. It instantly shot down and penetrated his very soul.Why? Why is this so?Why is Liu Mengning so fake to me, but so gentle and lovely to his junior brother?It was the same with the two encounters. Even though the younger brother helped her out last time, this time I also rescued her… her agent!Why is this treatment so different?Xiao Ran couldn’t figure it out. He couldn’t understand it at all, and he only felt that his heart was aching.On one side was his junior brother, and on the other was the woman he had a crush on, but it turned out that they seemed to be together naturally, and he became the one who was ignored.This feeling made Xiao Ran extremely uncomfortable. It was as if thousand of needless were piercing his heart simultaneously.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comHe didn’t even know how to describe his inner conflict.Should I blame my brother?But the younger brother did not grab his hero’s chance to save the beauty, it was Liu Mengning who took the initiative to find him.Should Liu Mengning be to blame?But, Liu Mengning is not his, why did he promise him because he saved her agent?What made Xiao Ran uncomfortable the most was Liu Mengning’s attitude as if they were not familiar with each other after all.But why hasn’t the younger brother come over to say hello to me so far?Why!Junior Brother… Could it be that he is angry with me because of my despicable behaviour just now?Liu Mengning’s goodwill is not enough, if it makes both junior brothers resent me…It shouldn’t, Junior Brother is very generous. Definitely… definitely not!Just when Xiao Ran was worrying about gains and losses, Liu Mengning pinched the muscles on Su Mingyuan’s arm and said with a look of surprise, “My Big Hero, I saw your performance just now, but you really look like a hero!”After speaking, she looked up at him with a smile of anticipation. “My hero, you said last time that you would teach me to paint. I wonder if you are free today?”Su Mingyuan smiled slightly, readily agreed, and followed the flow of kindness. “Of course I am free, Mengning.”—–WANT TO READ MORE???CLICK HERE