“Mengning, you seem to be in a good mood today?”Early in the morning, Liu Xi saw Liu Mengning humming a cheerful love song softly. She even got up early, and was dressing up in front of the mirror.“Of course, because I think there might be a wonderful encounter today.”Liu Mengning put on her lipstick, looked at herself in the mirror, blinked playfully, and then showed a sweet smile.No, this smile doesn’t make you tired, it just drowns you into it.Because it is so beautiful.After a little narcissism, Liu Mengning put on sunglasses, high heels, and opened the door.“Mengning, what are you trying to do?” Liu Xi asked.“Of course it’s shopping, Sister Xi. If I just wait in the hotel, no matter how wonderful the encounter is, it won’t come to me, right?”Liu Mengning looked back at her and smiled.This was really an elf-like girl, especially when she smiled at her like that, Liu Xi couldn’t always refuse any of her requests.She froze for a moment, then smiled helplessly. “Okay, I’ll follow you today to see if your hunch will come true.”On the street which was full of people, Su Mingyuan felt very embarrassed.He was thinking of hiding behind an ornamental tree, waiting for Liu Mengning to appear, waiting for the plot to happen.But, he seemed to have underestimated how eye-catching his outfit was, especially after his two singing videos were on the rise online.So, he hid behind a tree and prepared to conduct a secret observation. Not long after that, a passerby who recognized him came over curiously and asked him if he was the hot guy in white on the Internet.Immediately afterwards, more and more people came over curiously, crowding him into a circle.Someone shouted: “Handsome guy in white, what’s your name and what do you look like? Can you take off your mask and show us!”Someone shouted loudly: “Brother in white, I’ve been playing your singing video on a loop for several days and nights. Can you sing us another song at the scene, just one song!”Immediately after, “I’m your ten-year old fan, please give me an autograph”, “little brother, please sing another song”, “Handsome guy look at me, as long as you are willing to sing another song live, I’ll warm you up tonight!”“Little brother in white, I want to wake up in the same bed with you every morning and listen to you hold me and sing for me”What is this all about?Su Mingyuan just wanted to find a corner to observe secretly.However, he was now surrounded by people and became the one to be observed.There were many people gathered, and more and more people were shouting and cheering for him to sing. What made Su Mingyuan speechless was that the wandering singer who he had instructed a few times before also came here for some reason. When he came, he immediately squeezed into the crowd with glowing eyes. While thanking him for his last guidance, he presented the guitar and speakers that Su Mingyuan had brought with him.“Master, there are so many people surrounding you now wanting to hear you sing. If they are not satisfied, you will definitely be surrounded by them and you will not be able to escape. Just sing a song or two,” the wandering singer begged.What else could Su Mingyuan do?He obviously came here to wait for the right time to cut off the encounter between Hu Xiaoran and Liu Mengning in advance.As a result, inexplicably, he was recognized, surrounded, and forced to hold a small concert here.He had some doubts about whether the will of the world was harassing him, influencing these people to surround him to do such a thing, just to prevent him from freeing up his hands to destroy Xiao Ran’s good deeds!This damn will of the world! When the plot collapses, I don’t see you working so hard to correct the plot, and I still need to work hard to fix it.And now I just want to help my silly son to better take the road of urban supremacy, let him focus on his career and get less distraction from women, but you do this?!Good calculus, I’m surrounded by crowds and it’s hard to get out.When Liu Mengning encounters an accident, I just can’t get to it in time, giving Xiao Ran a chance to save the beauty?Do you think I’ll just give in like this?I’m sorry, but I’m still not!What do you know will of the world? Women will only distract him and slow down the speed of his strengthening. Today, I, Su Mingyuan, spent the only 200 enhancement points left, and purchased the experience card to temporarily obtain 20 years worth of skill. Be sure to help my son stay away from Liu Mengning’s troubles, so that he can completely focus on his career in the future!Su Mingyuan picked up the guitar, plugged in the stereo, and began to sing.This time, he didn’t put too much emotion into his singing, but kept paying attention to the changes on the other side of the street.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comBut even so, the crowd that gathered around was still intoxicated, and it felt as if their souls had been purified.Some good people were secretly videotaping again, and they were going to upload this piece to the Internet.—–WANT TO READ MORE???CLICK HERE