Acting?When Xia Xueqi said these words, Su Mingyuan far more than just had a cardiac arrest, he even felt that the muscles in his whole body were stiff, and a large amount of cold sweat broke out on his back.“You… What did you say? Act… play?”His voice was so disturbed that it trembled, and the hot and humid breath from Xia Xueqi in his ears made his scalp tingle, and he didn’t even dare to turn his head to look into her eyes!“Yes, it’s acting.”Xia Xueqi saw that he still did not dare to look back, and the smile on the corner of her mouth became stronger.She gracefully and lightly stretched out her long fingers and frivolously raised his chin, slowly turning his stiff and white face over for her to get a clear view.“Mingyuan, you seem to be very nervous now. Your face is pale and your forehead is sweating.”There was no coldness or majesty in her tone, just a shallow smile.In Su Mingyuan’s eyes, he seemed to see the evil big devil slowly showing a cruel sneer, pulling out a knife and fork to eat and devour a poor little lamb…His heart has long been overturned, like a tsunami wave with a height of hundreds of feet. The chaotic thoughts turned into a hurricane and he roared in his mind:How… how is it possible!How could Xia Xueqi see that I was acting!My acting skills… can’t be seen through!Impossible!Is she cheating on me? Why can she guess I’m acting?Did she guess the system…No, not possible!This is absolutely impossible!I have never disclosed the existence of the system to anyone. Even when I wrote a diary last week to make things happen, I put everything on the so-called will of the world, Xia Xueqi could not have guessed the existence of the system!It’s impossible to see through me acting so quickly!Unless……Could it be…Is it…An extremely ridiculous and terrifying guess appeared in Su Mingyuan’s mind.This kind of thing, no… it can’t happen…It was because of the turbulence of time and space that I was turned back in time and returned to the starting point, but Xia Xueqi never encountered such a thing, how could she be reborn!The probability of rebirth, which was one in 100,000,000, was difficult to happen. While the rebirth of two people, or even… even multiple people…That was a one in a billion thing.How Could It Happen By Such A Coincidence, And It’s Such A Coincidence And It Just Falls On My Head!Impossible!Absolutely impossible!I do not believe it! ! !But……But if this is not the logic.How did Xia Xueqi see that I was acting and see through the biggest secret I was hiding…Last week, when my acting wasn’t that good at the beginning, she didn’t even notice that I was acting!Even though Su Mingyuan was pinched by Xia Xueqi’s hand and forced to turn his face to face her, he lowered his eyes in a panic and still did not dare to look at her.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comHe couldn’t believe the guess just now, for fear that Xia Xueqi would reveal his secret in the next sentence.He was flustered, he was afraid, he was nervous, he was uneasy.He was shivering like a poor little white rabbit. Under the smile of the great devil Xia Xueqi, he could only hopelessly wait for his fate to be slaughtered…“Mingyuan, the more you don’t speak, the more you feel guilty and flustered, the more it proves… Did I guess right?” Xia Xueqi’s voice flowed slowly like a clear stream.But in Su Mingyuan’s ears, it seemed like she was cutting flesh with a dull knife, which made him even more panicked and panicked.Frustrated or something…He couldn’t do anything either!In this state of mind, even if he has the acting skills of a film emperor, he would not be able to perform at all!He was just waiting now, holding on to the last glimmer of hope, hoping that Xia Xueqi would say that she was joking, she was just teasing him.But how could Xia Xueqi do what he wanted?“Mingyuan, I have to admit that your acting skills are superb. In the past, your acting was so perfect, you looked too much like an out-and-out scoundrel. But, after these two dates, you are still admired by me. There’s a flaw.”Xia Xueqi’s charming smile gently evoked at the corner of her mouth, like a sickle bent up ready to harvest his life.As her voice continued to fall, Su Mingyuan’s heart seemed to sink into the abyss little by little.The faint hope was completely engulfed by the darkness.No more light to be seen.Touching his pale face, Xia Xueqi leaned over and said the final judgement in his ear, “You pretended very well, Mingyuan. In order not to make the other three big families feel jealous, and to make your sister Su Xuelan ascend to the throne, you have been hiding your true nature and pretending to be a reckless and indulgent playboy, you must be… very tired.”She blew softly in his ear again, and the corners of her raised mouth were full of triumph.And Su Mingyuan’s heart seemed to be completely blown away by this tone, and he fell into the abyss.It’s over! It’s over!It’s all over!Xia Xueqi really was reborn, she saw that my real purpose of acting was…and many more?and many more!Etc., etc! ! !What did she just say?She said that the reason why I acted was to hide my true nature, to push my sister to the top, and not to make the other three clans jealous, so I pretended to be a playboy?#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comBrothers, that’s what she just said, right?That’s what she just said, right!At this moment, Su Mingyuan’s mood was like riding on a roller coaster, and he experienced violent fluctuations from great sadness to great joy, from despair to ecstasy.Wuwuhu!Yeah!It turned out that Xia Xueqi didn’t know the truth at all!