For a time, the green leaves of the tree were shaken, causing them to separate from the branches and fall one by one.This kick was so quick that it seemed to leave a residual shadow in the air, and no one anticipated that the bodyguard would be unable to stand up again.The fallen leaves covered his body, like a scoop that had been shoved up and fell on him, to build the soil of the grave.The distorted and joyful smile on Xia Rongze’s face solidified instantly as soon as it appeared.Su Mingyuan retracted his feet lightly, grabbed his arm, and pressed hard again.“You’re finished! You’re finished!”  The expression on Xia Rongze’s face was horrifying to watch, as he screamed in pain and glared at him with unparalleled contempt. “You stinking dog! I’m going to murder you! I’m going to murder you! Ah! Ahhhh!!! I swear hereby that I will use all the strength of the Xia family to kill you and your entire family.”“Kill them all?”“If you really think your Xia family can be on top of the world, shouldn’t they be here at this moment?”Kacha.An incomparably crisp and beautiful sound echoed.Another broken bone.“Ahhhh!!!”Xia Rongze let out a shrill cry. He felt so painful that he couldn’t stand up, and fell to the ground in despair and helplessness.It was like… kneeling in front of Su Mingyuan.“I’m sorry, young master Xia. At least now, you can’t do this kind of thing.”Su Mingyuan smiled politely at him and looked at the twisted and painful look on his face. His eyes were cold and showed no interest in him at all.“I don’t like it when people threaten me, especially when they threaten my family. It’s fine to curse me, but if someone tries to hurt my friends or family, I don’t mind giving him a taste death.”He bent down, overlooking Xia Rongze’s pair of trembling eyes. His slender strong hand slowly strangled his neck.The cold touch made Xia Rongze feel like he was falling into an ice cave. This made him feel more hopeless and afraid.It was a bright, sunny day, and the birds were chirping and singing.Xia Rongze felt as if he had fallen into an endless abyss filled with darkness and fear.Now, Su Mingyuan was doing just what he said he would do.Since Xia Rongze was arrogant enough to threaten him and his family, he didn’t mind letting him feel what it was like to be afraid of death.In the face of such scum, it was impossible to intimidate him too much.With a slight effort on the palm of Xia Rongze’s neck, Su Mingyuan gave him a gentle and friendly smile, “Now, I’m very curious, Xia Rongze, can you still put the Xia family’s arrogant appearance in front of me right now?”“Do you dare to threaten me again?” ”Devil!This guy is the devil!Looking at Su Mingyuan’s gentle and friendly smile, he felt suffocated and out of breath.Xia Rongze felt goose bumps all over his body, stood up, and endless fear and despair overwhelmed him like a tide.He seemed to be in an abyss of absolute darkness and horror, and his whole body fell down endlessly under the pull of fear.Dizziness, weightlessness, fear, despair.This man, he really wants to…kill me!Is there anyone, is there anyone to help me…Su Mingyuan suddenly loosened his hand, giving him a chance to breathe.At that moment, the light reappeared in front of him, his vision and hearing returned to his side, and he looked at the devil-like face of the man in front of him.“Get out.”Su Mingyuan said coldly.I… didn’t die?I didn’t die!An unprecedented sense of security filled him.Xia Rongze seemed like he was given an amnesty. He didn’t dare to say a word, clutched his arm that had been broken in two places, and ran away like a lame wild dog eager to escape.He had just reprimanded Su Mingyuan for acting like a dog, but now he looked more like a wild dog than anyone else.And when he was running, he just happened to pass by Xiao Ran, who had been watching the play.Xiao Ran coldly stretched out a leg, causing this Xia family evil boy who had humiliated him in the pedestrian street last time to fall and stumble fiercely.Xia Rongze dared not look back, clenched his teeth and endured the pain, and rushed out of the park.I, Xia Rongze, swear not to be a human being if this hatred is not avenged!When he reached out his cell phone and was ready to call his family, he suddenly realized that the devil was wearing a mask from beginning to end. He had no idea who the other party was, so how could he take revenge!And……Thinking of the moment when he was only one step away from death, his body trembled uncontrollably and he broke out in a cold sweat.Is he really going to continue to provoke that devil?If he did not provoke him, he would fare well. So long as he didn’t provoke him, he would be safe, right?I never want to see that devil again!In the park, adjacent to the small lake.Liu Mengning took off her sunglasses, revealing a face that was famous all over the country, and looked at Su Mingyuan with grateful eyes. Smiling gently, she said, “Thank you for your help, um… I don’t know what to call this Mr.?”Su Mingyuan was about to open his mouth to declare his name, when Xiao Ran suddenly came out from behind.“Junior brother, you really did a great job just now! I watched that scene and I felt very happy!”Well, Su Mingyuan had just heroically saved Liu Mengning and chased away Xia Rongze. He showed his handsome and powerful side in front of Liu Mengning, while Xiao Ran just appeared at that moment.Su Mingyuan’s heart suddenly trembled slightly, and he couldn’t help but say with some unhappiness, “As a matter of fact, you are unfilial son! You simply stood and observed from behind; you did not do anything.”Therefore, now is the moment to promote Liu Mengning’s positive impression, and you come out to grab this opportunity from I, your old man.—–WANT TO READ MORE???CLICK HERE