When Li Cheng brought her mother to meet Su Xuelan.His mood was in a state of panic.Logically speaking, as a bodyguard, the most important quality he should have was loyalty.But, today he met Xiao Ran and learned that he was his mother’s saviour. After that, he held his hands and exchanged good feelings for a while.Li Cheng didn’t know why, but he almost nodded in agreement with his request.-Become an undercover agent.He said at the time that he would go back and think about it, but after returning home, Xiao Ran’s words kept echoing in his ears like magic, brainwashing him.“Brother Li Cheng, follow me! What Su Mingyuan can give you, I will give you double, triple, or even more! I will never treat my brother badly. After your undercover mission is over, you will no longer be someone who could be looked down on. I will directly let you come to my security company to hold the vice president position!”I really want to… betray?I don’t know why, obviously I shouldn’t have such an idea. After all, the young master doesn’t treat me so badly, but my heart can’t help but feel a little anxious.Until he received a notice from Su Xuelan.Until Su Xuelan showed him and his mother a video.“See for yourself, do you really think Xiao Ran is a good person?”When Su Xuelan was busy helping Su Mingyuan solve Li Cheng’s undercover incident.In the amusement park.Su Mingyuan took Xia Xueqi’s hand and slowly walked into the Ferris wheel.Liu Mengning really didn’t come out to stop anything, hiding in the shadows from beginning to end.The two of them could finally enjoy the real alone time of their own.Inside the Ferris wheel, the atmosphere was quiet.Outside the transparent glass window, there was a brightly lit amusement park.In the small cockpit, the two of them were sitting side by side holding hands. Although they were silent, as the Ferris wheel slowly rose, the bright amusement park seemed to drift away under the feet of the two of them, becoming smaller and smaller. The cheerful music also became distant and blurred, surrounded by a dark and silent night. The brilliant lights of the city could still be seen in the distance.There was a hazy and gorgeous scenery outside the window, but the darkness around them seemed to remind them that there were only two of them left in this world.But, as long as they held hands together, as long as their hearts were connected, they were not alone.So, the Ferris wheel continued to rise silently and slowly, and the distance between the hearts of the two also narrowed.“Xueqi, have you ever ridden a Ferris wheel before?”“No.” Xia Xueqi shook her head slightly.Her mother died early, and then her stepmother joined the family.Her father was very busy all day, and more care was given to her stepmother and younger brother, which led her to become independent since she was a child. She wanted to impress her father and everyone.Naturally, she had no chance to come to an amusement park once, and she had never sat on a Ferris wheel or something.However, a rebellious princess was also a princess.The princess also longed for a grand romance full of surprises in her heart.Ialso fantasised about sitting on the Ferris wheel with my loved one in my dream, watching the city slowly getting smaller, watching the surrounding beauty and the scenery under my feet becoming blurred. The only thing I can see clearly is the face of one I love.That face had been blurred in the dream, I don’t know who it was.And now…Xia Xueqi looked sideways at Su Mingyuan’s handsome face, which happened to meet her clear and charming eyes.“Mingyuan, it’s you who took me to the Ferris wheel for the first time. I’m very happy.” She showed a shallow and innocent smile.“Xueqi, your hair is messed up.” Su Mingyuan answered nonchalantly, smiled, and put a few scattered strands of black hair behind her ears. The warm touch stayed on her cheek for a few seconds.At that moment, the Ferris wheel slowly rose to the highest point and stopped.The lights swirled below them. The faint murmur of the melody, and the splendour of the city in the distance had all become blurred and distant.“Xueqi, do you know, I heard that when the Ferris wheel is at its highest point, the couple who kiss will be blessed by the God of Love, and they will grow old together forever.”The eyes that looked over were also shining with gentle and affectionate brilliance like the moon.“Don’t you think the moonlight at this time… is beautiful?”Xia Xueqi was about to indulge in his intoxicating tenderness, and the melted iceberg couldn’t help showing a tenderness that it had never had before.“Mingyuan, are we…a couple?”She raised her face and couldn’t help asking.The brilliance of the moonlight made her pretty face look even more beautiful, and the blush on her cheeks added vivid and otherworldly charm.At that moment, as if someone pressed the off switch of the whole world. The light streams of the city around the amusement park, and the hazy and gorgeous view disappeared.The entire world fell into darkness.The Ferris wheel had stopped rotating, except that the moonlight above their heads was still gentle, and they, who were in the sky, seemed to be two lonely islands surrounded by emptiness and darkness.Everything around was silent and dark. In this boundless and lonely world, only the two of them were left.In their eyes, only the reflection of them was left.“Xueqi, look, even the Goddess of Love is holding her breath at this moment, the whole world is silent, waiting for your answer.”Su Mingyuan smiled softly and gently lifted her chin.“Are you willing to make this promise of a lifetime, and kiss me at this moment?”This time, Xia Xueqi didn’t speak, but followed the gentle force of his fingers, closed her eyes slightly, and kissed him tenderly and affectionately.This was the best answer.Boom!Countless fireworks bloomed at that moment, interweaving a bright and beautiful splendour.The lights of the amusement park, the lights of the city, and the melodious and romantic music all seemed to follow the rhythm of their beating heart.They were brighter than the stars, brighter than the moonlight. They were the cheers of the Goddess of Love, and they were the cheers and praises from the whole world.Xia Xueqi opened her eyes and saw a romantic scene she had never imagined in her life.The empty darkness around her was now filled with splendid fireworks. The dark world had become colourful and gorgeous because of the kiss. She was in a dreamy ocean, and all she could see was beautiful and colourful.In her eyes, Su Mingyuan’s affectionate face was reflected.“Do you like it, Xueqi?”He caressed her cheek gently, with a faint smile on the corner of his mouth. “Tonight, the world shines so brightly because of you.”Gorgeous fireworks, intertwined streamers, melodious music…Xia Xueqi couldn’t see anything, couldn’t hear anything.In her eyes, there were only Su Mingyuan’s tender and affectionate eyes, and only his gentle and mellow voice echoed in her ears.She stared into his eyes madly, wrapped her arms around his neck, and couldn’t help kissing him again.***WANT TO READ MORE???CLICK HERE