“What happened?”“Impossible!”“Wait, old man… I just made a mistake just now, I didn’t see your little plan, come again!”Things were as Su Mingyuan expected, when it took him twenty minutes to pass the Oldman Ye who was still arrogant to death.The stubborn Oldman was really unconvinced, and felt that he was just being careless and was exploited by this younger generation.“Boy, do you dare to have another game with the old man? I just didn’t play well, hum! This time I won’t give you advantage, and I will take you down!”Seeing the confident look of Oldman Ye’s nostrils facing the sky, Su Mingyuan smiled and agreed, and then it took another twenty minutes to win with a seemingly difficult effort.“You you……”Looking at the chess game that was being checked, Oldman Ye put down the chess piece in his hand, was silent for a while, and said with a stubborn neck, “Boy, the old man admits that you did have two wins, but you, boy, only managed to win when the old man gave up one. Hmph, in the next round, the old man has to exert all his strength, and he will not let one, boy, you dare to have another game with the old man. ?”“Ok.”Su Mingyuan nodded in response.Hearing Su Mingyuan’s answer, full confidence returned to Oldman Ye at this moment.Humph, boy, after these two games, the old man has basically figured out your way, and you, it took so long for you to win with difficulty under the old man’s situation.Now that I refuse to let you go, and have broken your way, how will you win?It’s time to let you know why there is a saying that ginger is still old and spicy!Old man Ye smiled contemptuously, as if he had already seen the result of victory.Then–In this round, Su Mingyuan changed his style and attacked violently. It only took three minutes to become a complete victor.The first 20 minutes of fierce battles were difficult to win, all to pave the way for this moment.Do you think that I was lucky enough to win the victory under the condition of your handicap?Do you think that you can easily take me down if you have figured out my way and fully fired up?I’m sorry, you’re playing chess, but the one who was played by me as a chess piece from start to finish is you!“How… how is it possible!”When the outcome of the victory was locked, and the losing party turned out to be himself, Oldman Ye opened his mouth wide and murmured in disbelief.It was obvious that this kid just managed to win by taking advantage of the old man’s concession, so why…The bystander Oldman Liu, who was watching the battle from the side, saw Su Mingyuan’s intentions, and saw Old man Ye’s shocked, dazed, unbelievable appearance, he immediately clapped his hands and laughed, “Haha, you, Oldman Ye, always been very proud of yourself in front of me, now you have met a real master?”Oldman Ye also reacted at this time, and stared at Su Mingyuan. “Well, you young man, you are so skilled at a young age, and you tease an old man like me like this, don’t you feel any guilt in your heart?”“On the chessboard, there is no distinction between young and old. But you are right, old man. It’s not very kind for a master like me to bully you like this. So…”Su Mingyuan smiled and said, “You just let me have advantage, this time I will give you the same advantage, how about it? Do you dare to play a game with me?”His “You are weak, I let you” look was no different from the attitude of old man Ye towards him just now.But putting this image on a master like him was called being calm and confident.Putting it on the oldman Ye, that was to be smug and self-sufficient.Oldman Ye was immediately provoked? How much does this stinky boy despise him?“Boy, this old man will teach you what it means not to be despised by others, and what it means to be arrogant!”“Come again!”Five minutes later.Oldman Ye looked at the chessboard with a dejected face, and muttered, “How could this happen? Why do you still lose so fast?”Su Mingyuan looked at his expression with satisfaction at the moment, as if a little devil was secretly laughing in his heart.The mentality of this little old man should have collapsed, right?Maybe when you dream at night, you will dream of this nightmarish scene.Only……Why do these two old men look familiar?Seems like I’ve seen it somewhere?Su Mingyuan pondered in his mind, and suddenly felt that the two old men in front of him looked like the other two Liu family and Ye family elders in the four major families…No, it should be said that they were exactly the same!He should have thought of that!In the original book, didn’t his silly son Xiao Ran get acquainted with these two heads playing chess?Then, with the invisible help of these two elders, Xiao Ran rose rapidly and quickly established a huge network of influence.It was just that that episode hadn’t happened in the current time period. He didn’t expect him to be a step ahead and meet these two old men.Su Mingyuan didn’t know yet, because Xiao Ran had suffered many setbacks during this period of time, and his career had not been able to develop.The strong luck on his body began to bottom out, allowing him to get acquainted with these two old men at this time in advance, and now he was on his way here!Of course, he didn’t.But now…When he thought that the old man Ye who had just played chess with him was the grandfather of the Ye family, and that he had made him blow his beard and stare at him, his mind would collapse.Su Mingyuan felt even more happy in his heart.However, how could the old man of the Ye family be so easily ruined by the existence of mentality.Looking at Su Mingyuan’s upturned smile, the more old Ye thought about it, the angrier he felt.“Boy, I admit that you are a master! But if you bully me, an old man, just because your chess skills are a bit higher than the old man, then you won’t get the slightest respect from the old man! If you have the ability, you will know the old man. A master will come to the next round, and I will be convinced of my defeat!”“Okay, but the master you said… where is it?”Su Mingyuan asked curiously.Old man Ye took out his mobile phone from his pocket, put on his earphones and sneered, “I’ll make a video call with him now. He can play a game with you remotely by instructing me. How about it, do you dare to answer this game?”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comSu Mingyuan felt a little interesting.He had master-level chess skills, and he would get tired of bullying a few old people all the time.“Come on then.” He set the pieces.“Hmph, you have to be careful, this master invited by the old man is not ordinary, and you will be dissatisfied with the loss. The old man asked you to go first.”Old man Ye’s incomparably confident look came back.He seemed to be certain that Su Mingyuan would definitely be defeated by the master he invited.Why?