Beside the small lake.The breeze blew a strand of hair beside Liu Mengning’s ear. She picked up the brush and made a light stroke on the drawing board.A beautiful landscape painting had basically taken shape, although it was not as good as those real master painters.But, at an amateur level, it was definitely top notch.At least the painting looked really good and had a sense of beauty.Liu Xi stood silently behind her, admiring every brush stroke. The sun rays lightly sprinkled on Liu Mengning’s snow-white skin, as if it had coated her with a fine halo.The lake in front of her was shimmering with waves, but Liu Mengning’s face was even more fascinating than the shining lake.The scenery in front of her was beautiful, but Liu Mengning was even more beautiful than this scenery.Liu Xi was thinking in her heart, and she didn’t know what kind of man was worthy of this fairy-like beautiful eldest lady.Xia Rongze’s voice suddenly came from behind.“I didn’t expect that the rubbish in front of me was right. They are really two little beauties. Those two women who are painting, turn around, and show your face to this young master!”As soon as he came here, just looking at the beautiful backs of the two, he knew that if the two were not killers, they must be rare beauties.Isn’t this just the moment when he regained his manhood?Under the escort of bodyguards, he swaggered over and commanded from above.Liu Mengning didn’t react at all to the voice behind her, and still focused on painting, but Liu Xi turned around, looked at the person who came, and frowned.Which villain is this? He looks a bit familiar…Xia Rongze didn’t recognize her identity. After all, she was just Liu Mengning’s agent and didn’t appear on the scene very often.But, he did find that Liu Xi who turned around was very beautiful, but…“And the little girl? Didn’t you hear what the young master just said!”Liu Mengning’s cold appearance made him feel provocative. He didn’t hide the anger on his face, and hurried over to reach out and grab her shoulder.Liu Mengning stood up suddenly, turned around, and frowned in disgust. Waving her brush, she patted his hand away.The paint on the brush just smeared on his cuff, leaving a green trace.At that time, Liu Mengning was wearing a pair of sunglasses for some reason, so that Xia Rongze didn’t recognize her identity immediately.If he recognized her identity, would he still have the courage to continue to die?One must know that Liu Mengning not only had the same status as him, but she had a very short-handed brother, and he could not bear seeing her angry.Unlike Xia Rongze, she was always despised and beaten by Xia Xueqi at home.Xia Rongze not only did not recognize Liu Mengning’s identity, but because of Liu Mengning’s elegant and noble temperament, he felt a burst of heartbeat.Her beauty was different from other female protagonists. She was originally for both men and women. Even her manager Liu Xi sometimes couldn’t help being addicted to her beauty.Therefore, even if little Xia Rongze couldn’t stand up at this time, he still felt a throbbing sensation because of this beauty.When Liu Mengning turned around, even Liu Xi became a green leaf at this moment and lost its colour.At that moment, Xia Rongze was excited and ecstatic!Today, he would regain the feeling of being a man, and revive his heroic style!“Little girl, do you know who this young master is? Xia Rongze, the young master of one of the four major families, Xia Clan!”Xia Rongze’s nostrils turned to the sky, and he said arrogantly, “Now this young master gives you a chance to serve me, come with this young master!”After he finished speaking, he stretched out his hand impatiently, trying to pull Liu Mengning into the deep woods.In his opinion, he showed his noble background and gave this little girl a chance to climb high, how could she refuse?No matter how reserved and dignified she was, she had no choice but to obey under the power of Xia family.Snap!The paintbrush in Liu Mengning’s hand showed no mercy, and patted his arm away again.Then she took a step back, the corners of her mouth twitched, and she tilted her head slightly, as if she had seen a pile of unsightly garbage.She deserved to be the queen of the movie.Even though her eyes were covered by sunglasses, her performance successfullyaroused the anger in Xia Rongze’s heart.How dare this little girl refuse the chance to climb high that I gave her?That’s not all, the most hateful thing is that you still put on such a disgusting attitude.How dare you despise me, and think I’m disgusting?Xia Rongze was immediately angry. Especially, after seeing Liu Mengning’s appearance just now, it subconsciously made him think of Xia Xueqi, who also liked to show the same expression to him.The humiliation he suffered over the years came to his mind instantly, and infinite malice rose in his heart. Even his expression turned hideous.“Okay, okay, I really didn’t expect that in the Mingjing City, there is a stupid little girl like you who doesn’t have brain. Do you look down on me? Don’t you want to follow me? Are you arrogant? Are you unyielding?”Xia Rongze roared, “When I step on you and hold your whole family’s life in my hands, when you kneel down and beg me for mercy, I’ll see if you can still show such an expression!”He rolled up his sleeves and walked towards Liu Mengning with a vicious gaze.I can’t cure my sister, but I can cure you little girl.Not far from where this conflict was about to break out.The old man of the Liu family suddenly put down the chess piece in his hand, turned his head, and listened intently.“Lao Liu, it’s your turn to go down. If you don’t get down, just admit defeat. It’s not shameful! What are you pretending to listen to in front of me?” the old man of the Ye family urged.“Wait, Lao Yetou, listen carefully, are there any disputes?”The old man of the Ye family stopped talking, and after listening carefully, he did hear a quarrel not far away.“Let’s go and have a look.”The two old men walked over to take a look, and they happened to see the scene of Xia Rongze rolling up his sleeves and walking towards Liu Mengning fiercely.Liu Mengning’s coldly questioned, “You are the young master of the Xia family, so I have to obey you? You have power, so you can do whatever you want?”“Hahaha, did you just know about this? Stupid chick, let me tell you, being powerful means you can do whatever you want!”—–WANT TO READ MORE???CLICK HERE