This time, of course, it was impossible for him to continue to refuse in order to maintain the mystery. Always refusing would only make people lose interest in you under the frustration of successive failures, and he just wanted to use this to brush Liu Mengning’s goodwill.And since Liu Mengning had called him to call her by her first name, of course he was more willing to address her in this more intimate way.After all, why would he refuse a treat when someone offered it by their own will? It would only be foolish to do so.“Then, come with me, my hero.” Liu Mengning smiled slightly. Even while wearing sunglasses, her charming smile made passers-by become limp, and they couldn’t help but reveal a trace of obsession.“If you stay here and be recognized, it will cause a lot of trouble. Let’s go to the hotel where I stayed when I was resting.”Liu Mengning pulled the corner of Su Mingyuan’s clothes, and the two of them were about to leave together. They seemed as if they were a match made in heaven. There was some kind of golden halo surrounding them.Looking at this scene, Xiao Ran’s heart was about to break.What is this feeling called?Junior brother, how could you just do that with a girl you have met not long ago.And how long have you known each other, are you going to the hotel together?At that time, Xiao Ran’s mind was in a state of confusion and blankness. He felt unbearable bitterness rise up from the very core of his heart. Looking at the backs of the two of them leaving happily, he couldn’t understand the foreign feelings rising in his heart. Was it jealousy or was it something else?Do I resent the junior brother for abducting Liu Mengning, or do I resent Liu Mengning for abducting the junior brother?Besides, Junior Brother, you really just left.Before you left, you didn’t even want to look at me, and you didn’t even want to call me?Xiao Ran’s heart couldn’t help trembling.He stepped forward, wanting to catch up with the two of them, wanting to grab something to keep. However, the only thing that accompanied him was the empty air.He never felt so lonely. It was as if the whole world had turned its back to him.Suddenly, Liu Xi’s figure stood in front of him.Mr. Xiao Ran, I haven’t thanked you for saving my life just now. Let’s go to the cafe over there and talk about how I should repay you, okay?” Liu Xi looked at him with a smile.Just kidding. Seeing that Mengning and Mr. Knight have a tendency to develop into a boyfriend-girlfriend relationship, how could she ask Xiao Ran to stop them from dating?It would be fine if it was another man, but these two encounters with Su Mingyuan revealed his powerful nature as he helped Mengning. She saw him save her during the bad times like a hero, making Liu Xi feel that this gentleman and her eldest lady was indeed a good match.The most important thing was that Mengning seemed to have that kind of feelings for him…So, she stood up at this moment and grabbed Xiao Ran’s clothes, not allowing him to disturb the two of them.Xiao Ran was very helpless. He couldn’t do anything at the moment, so he could only stand there, speechless.He really wanted to roar at Liu Xi,the best reward you can give me is to let me go now and let me catch up!Your best repayment to me is to tell me all the intelligence information of Liu Mengning and help me take her down as soon as possible!But, the reality was always hard to bear, and alas, the illusions he bore couldn’t come true just because he wished so.Some things, once said, would only make everything backfire.Liu Xi was Liu Mengning’s manager and could be said to be the person closest to her. If he offended her here and left a bad impression in her heart, she would say a few bad things about herself in front of Liu Mengning casually.The difficulty of taking down Liu Mengning would be greatly increased!So……He had to maintain his demeanour at this moment! Keep it classy!He endured the infinite sourness and sadness in his heart, and said to Liu Xi with a polite smile, “Okay, let’s go to the coffee shop to chat.”He was smiling, but crying in his heart!Why are you indifferent to my performance? Is my appearance not handsome enough, not mysterious enough? Why do you only see junior brother in your eyes?Why, junior brother, you have to leave my sight until now, and you don’t want to look back at me. Are your eyes and heart filled with this woman, Liu Mengning?I’m your senior brother. Even if you’re angry with me, you should give me a dissatisfied look, why are you ignoring me like this?Why?Why!Xiao Ran thought that he encountered Liu Mengning in distress today, which was a great opportunity given to him by God, but he couldn’t understand why the outcome of the matter became like this?“Mr. Xiao Ran, let’s go.” Liu Xi pulled the corner of his clothes and took him towards the cafe.Xiao Ran struggled to keep up with her pace, and couldn’t help but look back. Even though his body was leaving, he felt as if his heart was still there, left behind somewhere around that pretty silhouette.A glance.Another look.The process continued for indefinite time, and when he finally saw the figures of Junior Brother and Liu Mengning disappearing at the end of the street, he looked ahead, his heart still heavy from the encounter.The two of them seemed to have a pleasant conversation, and even the shadows cast by the sun were entwined on the ground, and there was no room for outsiders at all.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comI… become an outsider?Just when he was completely disappointed and sad in his heart, he turned his head in despair, and followed Liu Xi to the cafe.“Senior brother, there are a lot of people here, and it’s not convenient to talk about some things. I’ll come back to you in the evening.”A voice as small as a gnat rang in his ear, which instantly repaired his broken heart and brought light back to the hopeless and dark world.Although Su Mingyuan hated Xiao Ran’s behaviour today, when he was about to leave, he finally remembered how he should not be so indifferent to him as his junior brother, so he planned to make up for it before he left completely.Then, he used sound transmission to whisper a few words that could relieve Xiao Ran’s restless heart.The moment he heard these words, Xiao Ran suddenly came to life again, and his eyes instantly filled with brilliance!I knew that Junior Brother would not be angry with me, he would not blame me!I knew it!Obviously it was just a perfunctory sentence, but Xiao Ran seemed to have gained light and redemption, and no longer lost his soul.And at that moment, he immediately thought of many, many things, and even felt…Since the younger brother said that he would come to me to explain it at night, maybe the relationship between him and LiuMengning…isn’t what I thought?At least he didn’t mean that to Liu Mengning?Perhaps, the contact between Junior Brother and Liu Mengning was actually for me? For my layout in film and television?The more he thought about it, the more he felt that this guess was very likely.The more he thought about it, the more he felt emotional for his junior brother. He had never felt this way before. No one ever cared about him the way junior brother did. Years of lonely life overseas had made him used to it, but finally there was someone he could rely on.Junior Brother, as expected in this world, apart from Ruoruo, you are the only one who treats me the best!—–WANT TO READ MORE???CLICK HERE