As the villain, I can insult the heroine and beat her, but spanking should be considered a kind of beating. Don’t get me wrong, System!Su Mingyuan got into the car and leaned back in the comfortable back seat.Now he really wanted to find something relaxing and pleasant to soothe his mood.For example…Go home and spank Ruoruo!Snort!Xiao Ran, you idiot, sho let you be so unsatisfactory!In the end, in order to make amends for you, your sister suffered, right?At the same time, after Xiao Ran left the auction house, he first apologised to Zhao Liteng and explained his difficulties.Then he took out his mobile phone, and suddenly saw the dense number of missed calls on it.What happened?He immediately dialled back, and heard the voice of Viper who was so wronged that he was about to cry, “Qingdi, you finally returned my call, what the hell were you doing just now! The brothers who came with me on a plane, except me, all fell into an ambush and hung up. So many brothers are gone!”“What!”Xiao Ran felt a sudden shock in his heart, as if he had suffered a thunderbolt from the blue.He had just endured a great humiliation in front of Su Mingyuan, but as soon as he left Hongyun Building and received such news, he felt as if after returning to Mingjing, people were targeting him everywhere!“Where are you? I’ll send someone to pick you up right away!” he said immediately.“I escaped from the encirclement and survived by luck. Now I am hiding in the mountains outside Mingjing City. I am also injured. Come on quickly!”“Okay!”Xiao Ran immediately got into the car and ran towards Yanming Mountain at full speed. The roar of the engine resounded in the night sky of the Ming capital.If Ye Chen saw this scene here, he would definitely be amazed: Brother Xiao Ran, your driving skills are amazing!Then there was more worship and respect for him in my heart.Xiao Ran received Viper at Yanming Mountain, transferred him to the hospital, and immediately called Murong Hongxue angrily, “Murong Hongxue, I’ve already apologised to Su Mingyuan tonight. You don’t need to do things like that!”“What do you mean?” Murong Hongxue said indifferently.“What do I mean? You and I know it! You killed the second batch of my men who came to Mingjing, right? You are the only one who has the power to do this in Mingjing!” Xiao Ran growled at her.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Only me? Xiao Ran, you really are an idiot.”Murong Hongxue sneered and said slowly, “I am your partner, and I will help you to intercede with the Su Xia and the two, and the more staff you have in your security company, Then the more profits I will get, do you think I would do such a stupid thing?”“Don’t forget, in addition to me, the underground queen, who is the real power in Mingjing!”“You mean……”“Heh, let me warn you. You met Su Mingyuan in Hongyun Building tonight, but I’m not the only one who knows that there are many people sitting in the auction hall who give tips to the Su Xia family. Not only did you not choose to apologise to Su Mingyuan in the first place, but instead you bid tit for tat with him.”“Don’t you think that after they learned about this, they would count it as a provocation? Do you think that after learning about this, they wouldn’t retaliate against you?”Murong Hongxue gently and skillfully threw the pot on the Su Xia family’s heads, and Xiao Ran obviously believed it when he heard this.Because that sounds like the most reasonable and logical explanation.And what could he do after knowing this?He had not yet dealt with the strength of the Su Xia family, and he could only blame himself why he was dazzled by anger at that time.He could only grit his teeth and swallow the suffocation into his stomach!Kakaka.Xiao Ran’s fist was clenched hard again, clenching so tightly that it rattled.“Wait, Su Xia family, when my power develops, I must make you regret provoking me!”His eyes were red, and he swore in his heart.Now, I’m still developing, and I have to endure it.Whether it’s for Xueqi or Ruoruo…However, when Xiao Ran was thinking about Ruoruo, Su Mingyuan had already returned home and was about to start punishing Ruoruo.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comIn the bedroom, Ruoruo clasped her arms tightly and blinked nervously, “Ming…Brother Mingyuan, you…you came to my room, what’s the matter?”Su Mingyuan was staring into Ruoruo’s eyes seriously, then he waved his hand and ordered, “Ruoruo, I’m very dissatisfied with your performance tonight! I order you to take off your pants immediately and stand up obediently to accept the punishment!”“Yeah!” Ruoruo immediately exclaimed shyly, her cheeks instantly covered with red glow.She shyly lowered her long eyelashes to cover her eyes, barring those autumn water-like eyes that gradually formed a hazy mist. She whispered in a trembling voice, “But…but, brother Mingyuan, if I’m wearing a skirt today, don’t… Do you want me to take it off…”Huh? Such a good thing?Su Mingyuan’s eyes lit up in an instant, and he almost jumped.He coughed slightly inwardly, tensing the serious expression on his face.“Stop talking nonsense, Ruoruo, have you forgotten our previous agreement? This is my order!”“Uh…uh…then, then I’ll take it off…Brother Mingyuan, please, please turn around and don’t look…”Ruoruo’s charming voice made Su Mingyuan’s bones go numb.At this moment, there was no sadness and frustration about the failure of the performance, and his mood was cheerful.Ruoruo shyly hid under the quilt, and after releasing the restraint, a half-red little head was slightly protruding from it.“Brother Mingyuan, I’m already…ready, can you…turn off the light…please…please…”“Also, can you…can you be a little gentle…”***