The moment the call was answered, Xia Xueqi was ready to speak out in one breath.“Su Mingyuan, the Xia family is forcing me again ……”“Xueqi, good evening.”However, before she could say anything, her urgent voice was mercilessly crushed by a gentle voice.On the other end of the phone, Su Xuelan’s gentle and playful voice sounded.Just by hearing this voice, she could imagine her sitting by the bed and holding the phone gracefully.Calm and unhurried as if victory was on her hand.A chill ran down Xia Xueqi’s body.“Su Xuelan? Why is Su Mingyuan’s phone with you?”“Why can’t it be with me, Xueqi?” Su Xuelan chuckled.Even though Xia Xueqi’s voice was still cold and did not seem to change at all, Su Xuelan, who was familiar with her, could still hear a hint of anger hidden within.Xia Xueqi was anxious.She winked at Su Mingyuan and made a gesture, indicating that she had some secrets to talk to Xia Xueqi alone. She got up and walked into the bathroom.There were some things that were hard to say in front of Mingyuan.She closed the bathroom door and imagined Xia Xueqi’s angry face on the other side of the phone. The smile on her face deepened as she explained.“Mingyuan was bullied tonight, so I brought him home to comfort him. I was lying on the bed and hugging Mingyuan to comfort him when you called. As Mingyuan’s sister, isn’t it reasonable for me to answer a call for him?”Her voice was neither too fast nor too slow. When she spoke of “lying on the bed and hugging Mingyuan to comfort him”, she deliberately slowed down and raised her voice slightly, causing people to dive into endless imagination.On the other end of the phone, Xia Xueqi heard this and her ice-white face finally couldn’t help but flush with anger.Lying on the bed? To console him?Didn’t this mean that Mingyuan and Su Xuelan were lying on the same bed right now and that she was holding him up and down, so who knew if he was going to be taken advantage of?“Su Xuelan, don’t forget that you are his sister!”“Yes, I’m Mingyuan’s sister.” Su Xuelan smiled and nodded her head, “So, no matter what we do, whether it’s hugging each other, lying on a bed, or even more intimate things, it’s all because we have a good relationship.”“Am I right, Xueqi?”Furious!Xueqi, calm down!Xia Xueqi clenched the phone in her hand and the bright jade qi in her body gathered in her hand under the force of her chaotic emotions. She almost crushed the hard phone.Su Xuelan held her breath and focused. When she heard the rapid and heavy breathing on the other end of the phone, she knew that Xia Xueqi was completely infuriated by her.She couldn’t help but smile. “Xueqi, is there anything else? If there is nothing else, I would continue to look for Mingyuan. I would lie on the bed and carry him to chat and admire the moon. Also, did you know that Mingyuan’s forearm and thigh muscles are very strong, as well as his eight abdominal muscles? They felt very good…”“Forget it. I’m not here to tell you what I’m doing. I still have to stay in bed with Mingyuan and watch the moon. Although it’s a long night, it’s still rare.”That’s right, this night was still very long. They were in the same room and sleeping together. Who knew what would happen?On the other end of the phone, there was still silence.However, Su Xuelan could completely imagine how crazy Xia Xueqi’s normally cold and indifferent face was.I want you to leave a note for me!I can’t do anything?Xueqi, can you lie in bed with Mingyuan and console him through the long night?“Since you really have nothing to say, I’ll hang up first. Oh right, before I hang up, there’s something I have to criticise you about, Xueqi.“Although nothing has happened between you and Xiao Ran, as Mingyuan’s fiancée, it’s fine if you bring a man to the banquet. You even made him talk nonsense in front of others. You, you really should be careful. Otherwise, what would Mingyuan think of you?”Su Xuelan’s actions were like beating a dog in the water. One stick after another, she didn’t forget to add:“By the way, Xueqi, don’t worry. I definitely won’t mention these two words in front of Mingyuan. I definitely won’t.”In the end, Su Xuelan’s playful tone completely shattered Xia Xueqi’s defences.Bang!She crushed the phone in her hand.She didn’t need to hang up, but her phone had already been cut off.She looked at the phone fragments on the ground and was silent for a long time. The anger in her eyes slowly turned into extreme calmness and coldness.“Su Xuelan, you have indeed successfully angered me. But…”“It’s useless!”“As long as you are Mingyuan’s sister, even if you and he have done a thousand intimate things, you will always be able to stop in front of that final challenge!”“As for me…”“I will laugh till the end!”Xia Xueqi calmed down completely.Yes, what else could Su Xuelan do besides infuriate her?Could she do the last step?As a sister, could she gain Mingyuan’s love?Actually, I don’t need to be so angry.Xia Xueqi said to herself in her heart.Since she could allow Ruoruo to taste the benefits, she could also tolerate Su Xuelan lying on the same bed as Mingyuan looking at the moon.Because Su Xuelan couldn’t make it to the end.She didn’t need to be anxious or angry.Because her strategy was the most important and correct, she was the woman who had obtained Mingyuan’s true love.Instead of being angry because of Su Xuelan’s words, it was better to first think about how to do it when they were dating Mingyuan, so that his impression of her would change.That’s right, I’m actually not in a rush now. I’m not angry at all.Xia Xueqi looked at the phone fragments scattered under her feet and suddenly stepped on them, crushing them into pieces.…………The next day.When Su Mingyuan finally held on to his will and endured the night, he got up and went back to his villa after a series of curses from his father and comfort from his mother.He could not stay with this family for a moment.Although he treated Su Xuelan more and more like her sister, he could feel her love and sincerity for him.But can she stop doing things to him as if she doesn’t care about the difference between men and women!The older sister was too scary, but the soft and cute Ruoruo can warm people’s hearts.As soon as he entered the door, he saw Ruoruo sitting at the dining table with a steaming breakfast on the table, her eyes staring at the sky outside the window, as if she was missing someone.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comThe moment she heard the movement, Ruoruo turned her head and showed a big happy smile to him the moment she saw him.“Brother Mingyuan, you’re back, have you eaten breakfast? If you didn’t, the breakfast I made for you is just enough to fill your stomach!”Woohoo, Ruoruo, my Ruoruo, you are so gentle, I really…Su Mingyuan was moved to Ruoruo and opened his hands to give her a big hug.But at this moment, he suddenly recalled that rule in his mind. When his open arms were about to close and hug Ruoruo, they stopped stiffly in mid-air.So Ruoruo took the initiative to step forward, leaned into his arms, and hugged him.Then he stretched out his hands and gently placed his hands, which were frozen in mid-air, on her back and waist, wrapping them around her.In this way, he also reached out and hugged Ruoruo.“Geez, Brother Mingyuan clearly wants to hug Ruoruo, but he has to wait for Ruoruo to come and hug you. Oh, brother Mingyuan said that he likes being passive. It doesn’t seem to be false.”Ruoruo stuck her head out in his arms and said with a smile, her smiling eyes curved into two lovely crescent moons.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comAt this moment, staring at this lovely face, Su Mingyuan’s heart suddenly received an inexplicable shock.At this moment, even if he knew that Ruoruo was acting, he had to admit it.Ruoruo is awesome!***