Xiao Ruoruo’s gaze caused Su Mingyuan’s breathing to stop for a moment.This charming and lovely appearance really compelled people to make a move and take a bit out of it“Ruoruo, come here.”Xiao Ruoruo walked up to Su Mingyuan.Only when they were close would he be able to feel this alluring beauty.When the pure and enchanting Xiao Ruoruo boldly extended an invitation to him with her two small hands behind her back, her shy and timid little face was boiling red, as if a hint of blossom suddenly appeared on the lotus flower.This combination of pureness and infatuation was truly infuriating. It was hard not to do something.“Xiao Ruoruo, you’re so beautiful, of course I’d like to see you. But ……”“But what?” Xiao Ruoruo bit her lower lip lightly, unconsciously lifting up a trace of charm.Su Mingyuan looked at Xiao Ruoruo’s simple casual clothes and the corners of his mouth curled up.“However, I feel that your beauty should not be covered by these ordinary clothes. If your celestial-like body can be completely displayed in front of me, I believe that I will be deeply obsessed with it, as if I have seen the most beautiful artwork in the world.”‘Brother Mingyuan’s words meant… Does he want me to strip naked for him?’‘Heavens!’Realising this, Xiao Ruoruo suddenly felt her heart beat getting wild, and her heart almost jumping out of her chest. Her brain seemed to be boiling, and her head began to heat up!#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comThat pretty face became even hotter, even her ears turned a shade redder.This was really… too embarrassing!Those little hands gripped the corner of her clothes tightly, not daring to look into his eyes. Under her long eyelashes, her clear and beautiful eyes were so moist that they were about to drip water. She bit her lips and spat out incomparably shy words.“Brother Mingyuan, you…You rascal…wait, I haven’t prepared ……”The sudden appearance of the young girl’s spring invitation almost made Su Mingyuan unable to control himself. He was about to raise his gun and fight.‘Scary!’‘How terrifying!’‘He was almost on the verge of being deducted Villain value.’:Phew——’‘Fortunately, I held back.’‘Ruoruo is indeed worthy of being urban novel’s female protagonist. Even though I’ve always boasted that my Dao-heart is firm, I almost failed.’‘However, I also seemed to have found out… her bottom line?’‘At the point of being naked…Was she a little reluctant?’‘It seemed that Ruoruo, this undercover agent, isn’t well-prepared in her thoughts. She had already kissed him.’‘Since she had chosen to be an undercover agent and a female one at that, she should have figured out some things long ago, right?’Su Mingyuan knew that if he had been a little more forceful, Xiao Ruoruo might not have rejected him again.She would choose to be obedient.However, he was not a bad person after all. If someone were to automatically deliver the sugar coated cannonballs to his door, he would keep it.If Ruoruo was a little shy and unwilling, then forget it.‘Ah, I’m really kind.’He smacked his lips. Although he felt somewhat regretful that he could not see Ruoruo’s delicate body. At this moment, another thought suddenly appeared in his mind.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Ruoruo, since you’re unwilling, I’ll wait for the day when you’re ready. By the way, I suddenly feel that a set of clothes suits you. Can you show it to me later?”“Okay… okay.”Ruoruo was still in a state of extreme shyness. However, when she heard Su Mingyuan’s words, she suddenly felt a sense of loss.‘I… I was just getting nervous and embarrassed!’If I were a little bolder, would I have been able to get Brother Mingyuan and I to strip naked together? What if we were to be honest?Wu…However, it doesn’t seem like I have a chance to do it again…Su Mingyuan recalled the scene in his mind. Then, he took out his phone and found a picture of a white suspenders dress. He instructed the servants to buy the dress for him as soon as possible.Yes, the dress that Su Mingyuan wanted to buy was the same one that Xia Xueqi wore when she was dating him at noon.At that time, even though she had only pretended to be pure, she had stunned Su Mingyuan.If the originally pure and beautiful Ruoruo were to change into this pure and lustful outfit, how attractive would it look?Su Mingyuan really wanted Ruoruo to put on this dress before he hugged her and kissed her.This made him feel like he had bullied Ruoruo and pressed Xia Xueqi under him.However, he had not forgotten his business. The important information had not been passed to Xiao Ran by Ruoruo.Since Ruoruo had not moved for a long time, he would use the form of an order to compel her to tell him this information.As long as he could think of a reasonable excuse in advance, Ruoruo would not doubt it.For example, he was displeased with Xia Xueqi and Xiao Ran. Since that was the case, he thought that it would be better for them to form an alliance and then he could watch how they were easily wiped out in front of the Xia family’s powerful forces.Although this reason was a little far-fetched, he was a villain who had no brains.Then, as a reward for the order.Didn’t he just let Ruoruo take the initiative to kiss him and press her under him?Very good.Very good!He couldn’t help praising his cleverness.The servants at home moved quickly.In less than an hour, the fresh and pure-looking white suspenders dress had been delivered to the villa.He immediately asked Xiao Ruoruo to change.The moment Ruoruo changed her clothes and walked out of the room.Su Mingyuan finally knew how Zhong Lingyu Xiu came about.She was too beautiful!It was as if all the spiritual essence of heaven and earth had given birth to such a beautiful person.The so-called pureness was naturally carved, like the clear water that came from the hibiscus.Su Mingyuan felt that he would never be able to find such a pure and charming girl in this world.“Brother Mingyuan, look good… Yes?”Seeing that he had not returned to his senses for a long time, Ruoruo pinched the corner of her clothes and shyly asked.“You are too beautiful. You know, Ruoruo, I can’t help but want to kiss you now!” Su Mingyuan praised sincerely.Hearing his praise, Ruoruo immediately lowered her head shyly and stared at the tip of her toes. A sweet smile appeared on the corner of her mouth.“Actually… Actually, it’s fine,” she said in a low voice.Unfortunately, her words were too quiet. Su Mingyuan didn’t hear them.He came over and took her little hand, and suddenly said, “Ruoruo, I have a mission for you!”“What’s the mission?” Ruoruo raised her head, and there was a glimmer of anticipation in her eyes.‘I’m looking forward to it, what task will brother Mingyuan give me?’‘Or are you using the word mission to take advantage of me…?’“No hurry, let’s not rush to tell you about the specific content of the mission. Because I think now…”Su Mingyuan stroked Xiao Ruoruo’s pretty face, the corners of his mouth were upturned, and he leaned slightly to her lips,“You should come up and kiss me.”***