Hush——At this moment, apart from the men and women who were still dancing slowly in the centre of the dance floor owned by the bar, there were also those who were still whispering to each other in the distance.With Su Mingyuan as the centre, the radius of ten metres around him became a forbidden area due to his vicious and crazy face, and everyone stopped their movements. The atmosphere immediately become dead silent.Although the men and women who came here to attend the banquet were not only talking about business, they were mainly here for the sake of a little business between men and women.But they were self-proclaimed high-class people, and they had never been so direct and rude, or even go so far as to oppress people.Instead they would behave like a gentleman and be polite and pay attention to a person, like and agree with each other, seemingly in aristocratic manner.How could Su Mingyuan force others to sleep with him because of a small mistake made by another waiter?And Li Shuang, who heard this sentence at this time, fell into extreme shock and confusion.‘He wants me to… accompany him… for one night…?’‘No, no way!’She did not want to give her first night to such a rude and unfamiliar man.Although she was born poor and had a low status, she never felt that she was born inferior.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comShe had seen too many women who had submitted to power and tried to curry favour with men.On the contrary, she was more unwilling to sell her body, more longing for an equal love.But now, this rich and powerful man in front of her was forcing her to spend the night with him because she had accidentally spoiled his clothes?In the past, she had accidentally bumped into a guest here, but those people all smiled politely and teased her like a gentleman before revealing the matter.At that time, she still felt that although the people of the upper class had a sense of superiority that they looked down on others, at least they had good manners.However, she didn’t expect that when such a person no longer pretended to be wearing a refined mask, his face would be so terrifying!“No, no…!”“Sir, I’m sorry! I was really careless, it was not on purpose! I know I’m wrong. Since you’re so kind, forgive me ……”“Shut up!”Su Mingyuan’s fingers that were pinching her cheek suddenly exerted force and clamped her chin tightly like pliers. In an instant, she was unable to speak and a trace of pain lingered on her face.“Girl, if you make a mistake, you will be punished! If you’re say sorry and beg for forgiveness, putting on a crying face, should I forgive you?”He was unmoved and seemed even colder.“I’m telling you, you only have two choices. Either you pay for it! Either you stay for it!”Faced with Su Mingyuan’s fierce gaze and ferocious expression, Li Shuang finally collapsed under the pressure, and cried in despair.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Wuwuwu…I really can’t afford that much money. My mother is still waiting to be treated ……”Someone beside him could not bear to watch any longer and could not help but stand up and say, “Young Master Su, this young lady didn’t mean it. She accidentally bumped into you. I think you might as well ……”“Shut up!”Su Mingyuan suddenly turned his head around and glared at him with a fierce look. He stopped the man from speaking.“I, Su Mingyuan, do things. Do you have the right to point at me?”At this moment, this dispute had gradually attracted everyone’s attention.The men and women who were dancing on the dance floor stopped, and the people who were whispering to each other in twos and threes also stopped talking.Only the melodious music was still flowing slowly in the hall. However, compared to the smooth and natural music before, she could clearly hear a hint of nervousness.Faced with a pitiful crying young girl, Su Mingyuan was not moved. Instead, he revealed a cold smile.“Since you can’t afford it, then you’ll have to choose… to accompany me?”“Very good.” He grabbed the girl’s arm and rudely pulled her to the private room outside the wine hall. “It just so happens that there’s a venue here, which saves me from taking you to the hotel for a room.”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comHe looked like a wolf that couldn’t wait to eat an innocent girl.“No, no…Wait! Mother…” Li Shuang cried out in despair.But she was a weak woman with no power or influence, what could she resist?Seeing this scene, anyone who still had sympathy in their hearts could not help but feel a trace of compassion.At this moment, the people in the dining hall were more or less dissatisfied with Su Mingyuan’s actions, but none of them stepped forward.He had just been slapped in the face by Xiao Ran at the entrance of the wine hall. That could only be considered a small appetiser. There weren’t many spectators.And now, Su Mingyuan had already attracted everyone’s attention. The girl who had fallen into despair was also longing for a hero to save her.If Xiao Ran stood up in front of so many people, it would be a wave of justice and a hero.Without a doubt, he would pretend to be a big deal!He would be the hero who saved the innocent girl from evil Young Master hands, and he would gain a favourable impression from everyone present.He would become famous overnight. His strength and reputation would be perfectly displayed in this wave of heroes saving the beautiful!This would be the show’s most popular performance!Of course, Xiao Ran would not disappoint Su Mingyuan.An excellent popcorn movie didn’t just require the villains to act angrily.The main protagonist also had to make a grand appearance like a hero when the villain was the most hateful and hateful. He had to use his divine might to trample the villain to death under his feet, so that the audience would be able to get enough pleasure.At this moment, it was time for Xiao Ran to appear as a hero.Pa!A crisp and resounding slap sound.This time, it was no longer the sound of Su Mingyuan hitting Li Shuang, but the sound of Xiao Ran hitting Su Mingyuan!“Stop!”He strode forward in a righteous manner and sent Su Mingyuan flying to grab Li Shuang’s arm.If this incident happened to someone else tonight, he would have chosen to watch coldly. However, when he saw that the person who bullied the waitress was Su Mingyuan and noticed that his actions had caused some dissatisfaction among everyone present.Xiao Ran realised that his chance had come.When everyone was unhappy with Su Mingyuan, no one chose to step forward.When Li Shuang’s desperate cry attracted everyone’s sympathy, and people faintly expected the appearance of a hero, he appeared.Xiao Ran walked up to Su Mingyuan and protected Li Shuang behind him, with a righteous look on his face.In terms of image and momentum, it was in sharp contrast with the arrogant Su Mingyuan“Su Mingyuan, you hold on to a little mistake by a young lady, and use this as an excuse to force her to sleep with you.”“You are really…. shameless.”***