With some inexplicable sadness, Xiao Ran followed Old man Ye. There was some unknown ache that was stuck to his soul, and no matter how hard be tried, he couldn’t shake it off.However, the strange thing was that he couldn’t bear to be angry with Su Mingyuan in his heart.Yes, the younger brother is so good to me, what qualifications do I have to be dissatisfied with the younger brother?Especially, what the younger brother said when he threatened Xia Rongze just now:I hate the most when someone threatens me with my family. For this kind of person, I don’t mind letting him experience the fear of death.Although the origin of the younger brother is mysterious and his whereabouts are unpredictable, he seems to have no father or mother like me.Besides the deceased master Li Wuya, isn’t the rest of his family only me?I was treated as a family by my younger brother.For me, he can mercilessly kill everyone who threatens me.Thinking of this, Xiao Ran could not feel any resentment in his heart. There was a bottom line to everyone’s treachery, and even a demon could sometimes be magnanimous.No matter how he was usually not a human being, at least he still understood the most simple principle of repaying gratitude.Only.Just ah.Xiao Ran couldn’t help but look back again and again, and the heavy feeling didn’t leave him even for a second. Finally, looking back over there for the last time, Xiao Ran sighed deeply in his heart.Why is this gratitude still mixed with an inexplicable sour feeling? Why am I feeling this way?The calm lake swayed with shallow ripples under the caress of the breeze and fallen leaves.Su Mingyuan picked up the paintbrush, blended the colours, and added a few understated strokes to Liu Mengning’s landscape painting.Immediately, the picture that was originally quite aesthetic, but lacked some original touch suddenly blossomed, as if everything in the painting came alive.There was something more to the painting than some mere imagination. It felt as if it had suddenly gained soul under the gentle strokes of Su Mingyuan.Looking at the painting once again, Liu Mengning’s beautiful eyes suddenly widened, and she looked at him in shock and admiration. “My Big Hero, you are amazing! I feel that your painting skill is better than many master painters I have seen!”Are you joking? I am a master painter of art due to the system, how can I be mediocre?Some of those so-called master painters who are being touted may really not be as good as me!Even though these thoughts were running through his mind, Su Mingyuan didn’t show any of them. He smiled indifferently and modestly said, “My level of knowledge is a little far from those of the real legends.”Of course, there is still a certain gap between my skill level and real legends like Da Vinci and Picasso, but I really don’t take them seriously! After all, what’s the point of freezing on the past?Su Mingyuan knew that Liu Mengning had always liked the literary and artistic aspects of these arts, and not only did he just help her out of the siege, but he also had such a superb level of painting. Even his dressing added to the mystery surrounding him.This was simply a fatal attraction tailored for Liu Mengning!He couldn’t believe that it wouldn’t attract her curiosity!Sure enough, Liu Mengning seemed to be entranced by his momentum, and her brows showed the cuteness of a girl; her longing and admiration for him.She gently pulled the corner of his shirt and asked, “My Big Hero, although I know this request is a bit presumptuous, but… if you have time in the future, can you come here to teach me how to draw? I will stay in Ming City these days, and I will come here every day to wait for you.”Oh, look, isn’t the fish hooked?Su Mingyuan smiled in his heart. He felt as if he had become the master of this art.Thinking back to last week, he had just purchased a master-level singing skill and a master-level music composition skill, and he couldn’t help showing it off in front of Liu Mengning. She was also entangled in the same way, and wanted to learn to sing with him, and asked him for several songs.But, in the end…These were all just some cheap tricks in front of Ruoruo.After all, she was on another level. According to the development of the novel’s plot, Liu Mengning was a movie queen, and Ruoruo’s was a singing queen of an entire generation.Her voice was unique, like the real sound of nature. She won the Best Newcomer Award for the first song she debuted, and then she became popular all the way. Although Su Mingyuan secretly stumbled upon her as a villain, he still couldn’t stop her advance. At a young age, she became the song queen recognized by most people in China.Speaking of which, if Ruoruo made her debut as a singer after a while, she would no longer be able to stay by his side and be Xiao Ran’s undercover agent.During this period of time, he had to hurry up.Before this beautiful lark would leave his side and fly into the vast blue sky, he must find a way to take this baby as soon as possible, and make her his.But for now, the most important thing was to stabilise Liu Mengning first and ensure that there would be no mistakes in this performance.He smiled and met Liu Mengning’s expectant eyes, then shook his head slightly. Without answering her question directly, he just said, “Let’s be here today, Miss Liu. I still have important things to do, and it’s almost time for me to take my leave.”“Ah, My Big Hero? Are you leaving?” Liu Mengning looked at him with some reluctance. She really looked like an angel, and every single man would feel pity if they saw such an expression.Su Mingyuan smiled slightly. “Miss Liu, we will meet again by fate.”—–WANT TO READ MORE???CLICK HERE