“Do you think this will work? As long as I tell the Xia family that your date with me is fake and you forced me to take these photos, do you think your situation in the Xia family will improve?”“To be able to say these words means that your brain is not rusted yet. Mingyuan, your evaluation in my heart has gotten little higher.”“But, you’re still very stupid.”Xia Xueqi sneered.“With your rotten reputation in the rich and powerful families, as long as I guide them a little, they will probably think that this is a trick you used to force me to continue dating you. Besides, I have these photos in my hands. Do you think they will believe these photos or believe your nonsense?”Xia Xueqi opened the photo album and saw Su Mingyuan hugging her tightly with a mischievous smile in the photo. She leaned against him with her hair in disarray and her face flushed red.No matter who saw it, they wouldn’t think that these two were pretending to be on a date.Su Mingyuan had nothing to say.He was even thinking that although Xia Xueqi felt very uncomfortable and aggrieved earlier, her actions just now were within his expectations. She had used him to take this flawless photo?‘No, I can’t think like that…’This was because he had overestimated Xia Xueqi and made her too terrifying.It had to be known that Xia Xueqi might have been very intelligent but she couldn’t scheme against people like this. It could be said to be a clever scheme.Su Mingyuan felt that he was thinking too much.Xia Xueqi flipped through the photo, and pulled herself up from his embrace without hesitation.“The photo just now was okay. Next, let’s change places and go to the other side. The scenery there is even better. We can even take pictures of the lake behind there.”At this moment, the blush on her face had already faded, and her cold temperament had returned to her.Su Mingyuan faced her cold and sharp eyes, and once again felt the suppression from the Ice Queen’s aura.‘Hai, I really want to make Xia Xueqi show her shy, angry and charming appearance again.’He listened to Xia Xueqi’s orders and sat opposite.Xia Xueqi followed him.This time, their positions were like he was leaning against the window and Xia Xueqi was closer to the corridor.Under Xia Xueqi’s instructions, Su Mingyuan leaned against her body. The two of them were shoulder to shoulder, their faces facing each other as if they wanted to kiss in the next second.Of course, it was impossible for them to be really close. There was still a three-finger gap between their lips, and before he could make their move, Xia Xueqi warned him repeatedly and called him by his name.“Su Mingyuan, if you dare to act rashly again this time, don’t blame me for being rude!”Su Mingyuan repeatedly promised that he wouldn’t have any ill intentions when facing Xia Xue’s ice-cold face.In fact, he couldn’t move. After all, he couldn’t take the initiative.After the two of them posed, Xia Xueqi raised her phone and prepared to record her current appearance.It was at this time that a waitress suddenly passed by the aisle. She seemed to have not noticed the scene here and was in a hurry with her plate. Xia Xueqi was sitting by the corridor.The servant’s elbow accidentally touched Xia Xueqi’s shoulder.And then…Xia Xueqi leaned forward. The two faces which were facing each other with a distance of three fingers separating them.Fell apart.It no longer existed.Xia Xueqi took the initiative to kiss Su Mingyuan’s lips with the help of a passing attendant!At the same time, her fingers pressed the shutter button.Kacha Kacha——The phone camera faithfully recorded this scene and took several photos.At the same time, Su Mingyuan’s eyes widened in shock. Then, he felt an unexpected ecstasy.‘Hahaha, Xia Xueqi, this is not my bad idea. You kissed me on your own accord!’‘Then I… You’re welcome!’He held Xia Xueqi’s lips greedily and the kissing skills he had trained from Ruoruo came in handy.Xia Xueqi’s lips were icy and cold but there was a sweet taste that he had never tasted before.It was as if he had suddenly eaten a piece of ice cream in the hot summer.No, it was ten million times more comfortable than that!‘This damned woman is actually so sweet to eat!’Originally, Xia Xueqi was caught off guard by this strange kiss and she was at a loss. Su Mingyuan’s eagerness and greed made her lose her armour in an instant, unable to retaliate.That ice-cold and dignified face was once again dyed in an intoxicating blush. The ice queen’s temperament had been forcefully broken. At this moment, she looked so charming and alluring, like Su Daji, a peerless beauty that captivated the world.At this moment, such a peerless beauty was being enjoyed by Su Mingyuan!He had thought it would be great if he could see Xia Xueqi’s charming appearance gain.He didn’t expect to see this appearance again in a few minutes!‘Sure!’‘Wonderful! Wonderful!’‘Awesome!’Su Mingyuan was feeling really good when he saw the panic in Xia Xueqi’s eyes and the blush on her face.He took Xia Xueqi’s first kiss!The dissatisfaction he had hidden from Xia Xueqi dissipated at this moment.There was no need to describe it. At this moment, it was clear who was above and who was below.Everyone knew who was the one who was suffering and being humiliated!Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.‘Despair. Xia Xueqi!’‘You used force to threaten me and forced me to take a photo with you, but I didn’t expect that you would end up losing something precious!’‘Your first kiss was taken away by me, Su Mingyuan!’‘It was taken away by this man you hate!’At this moment, how could Su Mingyuan have any hatred or dissatisfaction towards her?It was too late for him to enjoy himself!Phew——Xia Xueqi pushed him away, panting. She covered her lips and glared at him angrily.Her chest kept rising and falling, so angry that it seemed like they were about to burst the fabric on her chest.Su Mingyuan quickly stood up and jumped over her body, landing on the corridor.“Xueqi, don’t be angry. With this photo, no one will believe me anymore, right?” Su Mingyuan blinked at her and the corners of his mouth curled up proudly.And then——He quickly escaped!Nonsense. Didn’t you see that Xia Xueqi was getting angry right now?Now, why shouldn’t he take advantage of the situation and run away innocently? What if she came up and punched me?Su Mingyuan happily walked out of the restaurant. He looked at the beautiful sky above him and sighed at the wonderful encounter with Xia Xueqi today.He didn’t expect that in the end, he would still be able to take advantage of her and pretend to be a stressed party.Hahahaha!Not long after he left, Xia Xueqi coldly took out a bank card from her purse in the dining room.“You did very well. Take it. This is the reward you deserve. The password is 1 for 6.”The waitress who had just accidentally bumped into her shoulder happily picked up the bank card and put it away. She then said with loyalty, “Don’t worry, President Xia. I’ll definitely keep my mouth shut today. I won’t say it even if I die!”The waitress left.As soon as she left, Xia Xueqi picked up her phone and repeatedly looked at the photos she had just taken.As she recalled the scene from before, she gently stroked her lips that Su Mingyuan had kissed before the ice melted.She was smiling like a flower.***