The next day.The investor for Liu Mengning’s new film had been confirmed. The news that Su Mingyuan, the young master of the Su family, was cast in the lead role shook the entire film and television industry as well as the entire country!“Su Mingyuan? Young master Su? Can he act?”“How can our Goddess Mengmeng cooperate with such a poor reputated scum nothing?”“It’s said that this young man pursued our Goddess Meng crazily in private, but the Goddess Mengmeng invited him to be the main lead? Don’t you think this is not a signal? No, no, no, no? I can’t accept this kind of thing!”“Non-fan really don’t understand Movie Queen Meng’s works. Let’s not get into the details, but let’s just say that Young Master Su, a rookie who has never acted before, comes up and plays the leading role? I don’t think so.”“I do not know how much money Young Master Su spent prior to just being chosen as the male lead, but this proves the power of money. Even Movie Queen Meng cannot avoid the custom.”“Mengmeng is the Liu family’s eldest daughter. Is she short of money? Young Master Su must have been chosen for some reason. In short, everyone thinks Mengmeng is great. We will not be disappointed by the film she produces!”…………Regardless of how many people disagreed, the movie had completely blew up in the country and captured everyone’s attention before it started shooting and broadcasted.Su Mingyuan didn’t expect that his reputation would not be known by people all over China in the follow-up episode about Ruoruo, but at this time, because he was selected by Liu Mengning as the lead actor in the movie, it would spread first.Whether the impact was good or bad. Anyway, the issue brought up by this film had fully overtaken the internet, and its popularity was soaring. As long as the shooting wasn’t too poor, it was impossible to predict whether the box office would fluctuate.Countless eyes and heavy pressure gathered on Liu Mengning.After all, she chose Su Mingyuan herself.Liu Mengning didn’t care about this. She was busy revising the script, looking for locations and preparing for the crew. After Su Mingyuan sent her back to the hotel last night, he also chatted with her, telling her to reduce his scene as much as possible.Who knew how long the filming would take, and what if it happened while he was filming and it was his turn to act as the villain?Liu Mengning was very understanding and agreed. The film she was working on was originally a feminist film, with all of the men playing minor roles. Even the actor who played more parts in the film must not occupy much space in the whole film.And she also knew that her Big Hero had the task imposed on him by the overlord, which she would not try to push.What she wanted was to fulfil his wishes and make him happy. She would not really have to use filming as a reason to keep him around.If there were fewer scenes, the actor would get fewer scenes. If his scene was decreased, they should have more time to play outside of the drama, right?Liu Mengning thought happily. Unexpectedly, at this time, Xiao Ran suddenly called her and invited her to dinner, looking very interested in the movie and wanting to help.How could Liu Mengning not understand this stinking man’s mind? Not only did she not give him a chance, but she also took advantage of him. He wanted to help? It just so happened that she left all the troublesome things like preparing and convening the crew and choosing a scene to film to himLiu Mengning gave Xiao Ran a list and left it up to him.Xiao Ran was a little depressed at the beginning, but soon he looked at the list sent to his mobile phone and smiled.Because he suddenly realised it was an opportunity to meet these people in the film and television industry under the name of Liu Mengning?After he realised this, he no longer complained in his heart, instead he felt that Liu Mengning was really kind to him.Liu Mengning didn’t think so much at all.Because, in her perspective, Xiao Ran’s film and television firm would undoubtedly be controlled by Xuexue in the future and become hers. Since it was hers, revealing these links to Xiao Ran was not a capital offence, right?She was currently busy revising the script, thinking that after the revision was completed, all the preparatory preparations would be completed in a short time as soon as possible, and then she could bring her Xiaobai into the crew together!That was the most important thing to her right now.It should have been like this.Until it was almost noon, Su Mingyuan personally sent Ruoruo to her.“Mengning, I have to go home to live for a few days.”“My secretary, Ruoruo, will follow you for a few days, just to learn acting skills. What do you think?”As soon as Su Mingyuan arrived, he appeared entirely accustomed to Liu Mengning, with an easygoing and casual demeanour, but also with a subtle familiarity, as if the enthusiastic, clingy dog from last night’s party was not really him.Ruoruo raised her eyes to peek at him, then looked at Liu Mengning who was smiling, and finally had a clear guess as to the reason why brother Mingyuan took so long to come back last night.Ah, I don’t know why, the first few times I felt depressed because of this, but now I feel that it’s not a big deal at all…Anyway, brother Mingyuan will go home no matter how late he plays outside.On the contrary, after learning that Brother Mingyuan wanted to go home to see his parents and live at home for several days. The fact that he had to be separated from her because of this, Ruoruo felt deeply sad about this and thought that Sister Xuelan was really cunning.Obviously, I will not have much time to stay with my brother Mingyuan.“How many days are you going home to stay?”Liu Mengning narrowed her eyes slightly, feeling a little amused by Su Mingyuan’s behaviour which was different from her previous life.Is Lan Lan also competing in secret?But… what does this have to do with her?She smiled and took Ruoro from Su Mingyuan. “Don’t worry, I will take good care of such a lovely little sister Ruoruo during the few days I’m here.”Su Mingyuan actually didn’t know if it was a good choice to give Ruoruo to Liu Mengning.#pleasereadthisnovelatWondernovels.comIf he just went home to live, he could not bear to leave Ruoruo alone in the large, empty mansion.What if he was away and taken by Xiao Ran?It would be a loss outweighed the gain if the little white rabbit who was finally going to bewitch him suddenly sobered up by Xiao Ran.For some reason, when thinking about who to entrust Ruoruo to, the first person who came to mind was Liu Mengning.And according to the original novel, it was Liu Mengning who accidentally discovered Ruoruo’s wonderful singing voice and led her on the road to the music scene.With this hidden connection, he simply thought that if he gave Ruoruo to Mengning, it would be okay… Can this rest assure him?