Xiao Ran, your film and television company is booming, releasing blockbuster movies one after another?I also film, and I will use all my tricks to poach your people and hire people to do trouble in your film crew!You, Xiao Ran, opened a security company and made many contacts? I, Su Mingyuan, want to drive too, and I want to do it better than you! Take down your security company and smash your power network!You, Xiao Ran, established a foreign trade company with a high turnover; are your business associates both domestic and foreign?Fine, I’ll get a foreign trade company too! I will become your most fearsome competitor and crush your company!You, Xiao Ran secretly helped Xia Xueqi launch a new type of cosmetics with the heir of the Medical Immortal Valley, so that she could make a lot of money? Heh! I’ll open one too, I’ll find someone from the Medical Immortal Valley and jointly open a cosmetic company. Let’s see if I can’t defeat you!Also, you, Xiao Ran, have a good relationship with Murong Hongxue, right? No one in Ming City’s underground forces knows your name, Xiao Ran? I’m also going to work with people from the ancient martial family to get the underground forces of Ming City!Again and again, Su Mingyuan was pestering Xiao Ran like a pest, and then time and again became the backdrop for his pretentiousness, the stepping stone on his way to success. The Su family’s huge family fortune was thus wasted by him.In order to facilitate the distinction, Su Mingyuan called the performance that he was currently going to perform with Xiao Ran as a stage performance, and called the latter kind of performance that did not require the two to contend each other face-to-face, as a behind-the-scenes performance.With the development of the plot, there would be more and more behind-the-scenes performances, and he would become more and more relaxed after two or three behind-the-scenes performances.If nothing unexpected happened.But what could happen?Su Mingyuan felt very relaxed.The five leading female protagonists in the early stage of the plot; it could be said that he basically won five of them now.How should the plot develop and perform when the time comes? It was up to him to have a final say!I’m afraid it won’t give me a headache until the female protagonists who will debut during the middle stage, right?But… maybe I will have enough Villain Points before the middle of the plot?Su Mingyuan’s eyes lit up, and he felt that this was not hopeless.After all, even though I can only hover between passing and failing in the previous few performances. I was in trial and error, and I am trying to find a way to pass the goal of this week.In the early stage, it was hard and tiring, and I had to endure more tribulations and setbacks. Only in the later stage perhaps I will have have wide and broad path to the heavensYou see, this method has been found by me now, and is about to succeed?Hmph, from now on, I, Su Mingyuan, won’t be able to get a failed evaluation even once!Not to say such big words as getting perfect evaluation every time, but getting excellent every time, that will certainly happen without a doubt!It’s just… Having acted so many times on the spot and getting into the drama too deeply, I seem to have a little nostalgia for this side.Just leaving them behind like this… In my heart… can I let go?Oh, why do I have to think so much? Let’s wait until later to find a way to solve this annoying problem.Moreover, if I accidentally exposed and caused the Shura Field, I’m not sure whether I will be quartered by several angry female protagonists!One must know that he was Xueqi’s fiancé, a white knight on Hongxue’s side, a domineering president in front of Ruoruo, and in front of Mengning…Er… In front of Mengning, he was nothing, she had already seen through him.In any case, if it was discovered that he was cheating.With Xueqi’s strong character, Hongxue’s twisted heart, and Mengning.Eh?Su Mingyuan suddenly found that if anyone found him cheating, didn’t Liu Mengning already find out?She had seen him dating Xueqi in the amusement park with her own eyes, but after she knew his real identity, she didn’t seem to have much reaction to it. Instead, she snuggled into his arms and set off a firework for him on the top of the mountain?Why would she… Do this?What on earth is…  she thinking in her heart?Only Liu Mengning.It was only her that he couldn’t understand.He was also fascinated by it, and wanted to explore more women like this.Upstairs, the secret confrontation between the two women finally came to an end.In addition to making a violent noise at the beginning, they both tacitly converged their strength on the body’s surface without inflicting too much damage. Rarely was the space still disorganised, with pieces and powder of furniture scattered around.Su Xuelan had some bruises on her arms. Xia Xueqi had several scars on her thigh, but she didn’t hit her in the face. At least from the surface, neither of them appeared to be injured.“Still have enough Qi ?” Xia Xueqi asked coldly.In this battle, it was considered that Su Xuelan had won with a small upper hand, but her expression didn’t look much happier.Because on another battlefield, she suffered a crushing defeat.She was at the very end of the team from the beginning to the end, and could only watch as the others took the lead, and when finally organised an attack, she was defeated by Xia Xueqi.She found two sets of clothes from the cloakroom next door, changed one for herself, and threw the other for Xia Xueqi.“Just change your clothes and go.”She coldly issued the order to evict the guest.While changing her clothes, Xia Xueqi still did not forget to taunt. “Tsk tsk, it’s so tight on my chest, it’s really hard to stuff it in.”Su Xuelan remained silent, and just stared at her with murderous eyes.Why don’t you get lost?Xia Xueqi smiled coldly and went downstairs with her.“Mingyuan, I still have things to deal with at home, see you next time.Xia Xueqi smiled slightly at Su Mingyuan and waved goodbye. Su Xuelan also watched with a smile on the sidelines. He was completely unable to see the atmosphere of the two sisters’ sword-fighting upstairs just now.“Okay, Xueqi, goodbye.”Su Mingyuan also waved to her.At this moment, Xia Xueqi abruptly turned around and kissed him on the lips while he was unaware.In front of Su Xuelan.“Really, your fiance is leaving. Mingyuan, don’t you know how to take the initiative to give me a parting kiss?”She looked at Su Mingyuan angrily and pouted. She was so gentle and coquettish that she looked like a different person, which made Su Mingyuan look foolish for a while.This was the coquettish Xueqi!Xia Xueqi gave Su Xuelan a provocative look before turning around and leaving with a smile.Even if you, Su Xuelan, are partially more powerful than me, so what?Su Xuelan gritted her teeth. Seeing her younger brother indulging in the charm of Xia Xueqi’s vixen, she immediately felt violent and anxious.She walked towards Su Mingyuan, seeing that Xia Xueqi’s lustre remained on his lips, her reason was completely burned to ashes.She stretched out her fingers and pinched his chin.