“Master Su, we have reached the company.”“Alright.”Su Mingyuan answered coldly. On the other side, his bodyguard took the initiative to step out of the car and open the door for him.Displayed in front of this high-rise building was the name of his company—- Mingyuan Entertainment Company.He owned this building.Despite the fact that land prices in Ming Capital were expensive, as the only son of the Su family, one of the four major families, why should he rent someone else’s land for the foundation ofhiscompany?Why not buy instead of renting?As he entered the company, two bodyguards surrounded him, and the employees they passed kept their heads lowered to welcome him, showing their respect for him.The majority of the employees at this company were women. Not just women, but beautiful women.Because Su Mingyuan liked beautiful women, his company should obviously have beautiful women.When it came to employment at this company, skill was not the most important factor; rather, it was a person’s outward appearance.Unfortunately, because his sister Su Xuelan couldn’t handle his excessive behavior anymore, she intervened. She had hired a group of skilled staff to come over and inspect him on a regular basis, barring him from messing around in the company.This company only existed as his harem.After all, he was an ignorant and unskilled guy who had repeatedly disappointed his father. Su Xuelan, his sister, was in charge of the family company and several other affairs.If he offended his sister,  Su Xuelan would reveal not just his actions to their father, but would also expose his reason for founding a company: to pursue women. Once he returned home, he, the Su family’s young master, would almost undoubtedly be beaten and have his financial resources seized.As a result, Su Mingyuan was cautious and only acted on a tiny idea occasionally. He could only harass female employees in the company in a frivolous manner. He did not dare to commit truly lascivious acts during the day.“Young master Su, everyone is in the conference room waiting for your instructions.” The general manager of the company came over with an obsequious smile.She was a plain-looking middle-aged woman who possessed not only great management ability, but also the ability to adapt to his expectations. Each time Su Mingyuan went to the conference room, he needed to be accompanied by a fair and lovely intern secretary who could serve him warm tea.Su Mingyuan would naturally avoid placing a flower vase1, someone who is pretty but uselessin such a prominent position in consideration of Su Xuelan’s warning.This middle-aged woman, Su Mei, was specifically chosen to deal with Su Xuelan, and she was quite adept at evaluating a person’s character, to the point that even Su Mingyuan felt pleased.As a matter of fact, when Su Mingyuan entered the building, she introduced him to a girl with attractive features and a slim figure.“Young master Su, this is Xiao Ruoruo, our new intern who will be working as a secretary. Ruoruo, please greet our company’s President Su!”“Hello, President Su.” Xiao Ruoruo greeted Su Mingyuan timidly.Seeing Xiao Ruoruo, Su Mingyuan’s eyes suddenly narrowed in focus.At the same time, he heard a system message:[Ding! Scene activated. The host needs to perform this act according to the novel plot and character developments.][Depending on the performance and outcome, you can obtain 100-1000 villain points and strengthening points.]This is wonderful!The plot finally begins. It’s time for me to harvest those villain points.In his previous life, because it was the first time he acted as villain, he was unskilled, and as a result, he received only 300 villain points for this scene.Given my acting ability now, even if I don’t obtain the full 1000 points, I should at least get 900 easily, right?Su Mingyuan was full of confidence.As for the strengthening points, he could use them to enhance his physical fitness, exchange them for skills and treasures, and increase his strength.Strengthening points may be obtained based on his villain point given in each plot performance.After all, Su Mingyuan would be repeatedly beaten and possibly assassinated by the protagonist Xiao Ran. As a major villain in the novel’s early and middle stages, the system wouldn’t want him to die before the novel’s finale.Just like with Su Mingyuan in the previous life, he wanted to push his strength to its maximum. After all, who didn’t desire a powerful body?If he hadn’t been a villain who was meant to be beaten by the protagonist, Xiao Ran might not have even been able to win against him.Additionally, he obtained a set of skills based on his interests, including mastery of chess, mastery of medical skills, master of calligraphy, master of piano, and much more…However, those skills should only be used solely for his own entertainment and should not be presented to anyone else.He felt like he had been reborn at this point. Despite the fact that his strength was no longer in effect, the great master-level skills that he acquired still remained with him.He, on the other hand, was particularly concerned. He wanted to have as many strengthening skills as he could right now in order to enhance his physical strength. He didn’t feel like doing music, calligraphy, medicine, chess, or anything else because he could anyways purchase them at the master ’s level.He only cared about getting enough villain points so that he could get back to Earth quickly.“Young master Su, young master Su? ”Su Mei secretly rejoiced when she saw Su Mingyuan was stunned after seeing Xiao Ruoruo, knowing she had made the right decision to bring this woman over.Nevertheless, there was an important person waiting for him in the conference room.In a low voice, she called him twice.Su Mingyuan regained his composure. He waved his hand impatiently and said, “I will not attend the meeting. I came here to arrange tasks for you.”“Isn’t Liu Mengning’s upcoming film “Peerless Beauty” already in production? Our company also wants to be one of the investors in her new film. You can notify them about that later.”#pleasereadthischapteratchichipeph.com“Let Secretary Xiao escort me to my office first. I’d like to get a clear grasp of the company’s present problems from her lips.”When Su Mingyuan said this, his smile and tone of voice didn’t seem to indicate that he wanted to learn about the company’s affairs from Xiao Ruoruo’s lips, but rather that he wanted to learn about other things from her exquisite lips.Su Mei understood the meaning behind his words, so she quietly withdrew.As for Su Mingyuan, he ordered a group of senior corporate executives to go to the conference room early and wait for him to hold a meeting, but he wouldn’t show up.That’s my style, and I’ve paid them enough to handle this type of situation.“Secretary Xiao, Xiao Ruoruo, right? I will call you Ruoruo. You lead the way ahead. ”#pleasereadthischapteratchichipeph.com“… Yes, President Su. ”In response, Xiao Ruoruo nodded nervously.Su Mingyuan glanced at her lovely curves and walking manner with impudent eyes as she led the way uneasily.There was nothing that could be done. He had been a decent gentleman in his previous life, where he used to look at beautiful women with admiring and subtle eyes.But now, as a villain, he stared at Xiao Ruoruo with such an unrestrained and audacious evil look that said he couldn’t wait to strip her down.He, too, did not want to.As if she perceived his sight, the tip of her ear turned a little red.Su Mingyuan noticed that her right hand was tightly clutching the corner of her clothes as she walked to his office door. She was obviously nervous.I’m sorry, but for my villain points, you must bear the consequences of what I’ll do later.However, it was all because of the damn author of this novel, who wrote such a scene, that she was destined to suffer in this world.Two guards came and stood at the door of the office to prevent anyone from intruding or eavesdropping.And Su Mingyuan, who had already closed the door, sat in his chair and ordered Xiao Ruoruo, who was feeling extremely nervous and uneasy.“Come here.”Translated by: Chichipe13Edited by: Summit & Bluburrycat1, someone who is pretty but useless