When Xia Rongze walked in front of Jiang Hua’s food stall, he thought that the other party was here to buy food, and was about to greet him with a warm face.But then he saw the other party’s disdainful and contemptuous face, and the bodyguard with sunglasses behind him. Upon taking a closer look, the other party’s clothes, the luxury car parked on the side of the road…A bad premonition suddenly rose in Jiang Hua’s heart.Even so, he still asked with a smile on his face, “What does this customer want to eat, grilled cold noodles or egg pancakes, spicy or not spicy?”This was the life of ordinary people.No matter who the visitor was or what expression he put on, he had to endure the exhaustion and dissatisfaction in his heart and greet them with a smile.For money, they had to endure disrespect.In order not to cause any troubles, he had to do this.However, Xia Rongze obviously wouldn’t treat Jiang Hua any better just because of a smile.In his eyes, shouldn’t these poor and lowly people put on such a fawning appearance when facing him? Wasn’t that normal?Things like ants and trash were not worth his while.He directly ignored Jiang Hua’s greeting, passed him, and reached out to grab Jiang Yi, who was somewhat beautiful and delicate.After so many days of recuperating at home, he finally went out for a drive. It was rare for him to see a pretty beauty on the side of the road. He couldn’t hold back anymore.Ever since his little brother couldn’t stand up, a deep fear had been hidden in his heart, and his whole body has become more and more manic.Especially in the past few days at home, he didn’t see any women, and he was surrounded by tall bodyguards all day long. Looking at their muscles, that tall and straight figure…A strange feeling emerged in his heart.When Xia Rongze realised that there were such dangerous and terrifying signs in his heart, he was terrified and almost collapsed!No, this is impossible!How could I, Xia Rongze…What I like is women!Woman!!He couldn’t wait to experiment and prove himself.To prove that he was a man, to prove that he could stand up.So much so that after discovering such a little beauty as Jiang Yi, he immediately got out of the car in a hurry and came straight to her.“Beauty, if I give you one hundred thousand, how about spending a day with me?”He reached out and grabbed Jiang Yi’s arm, not thinking that the other party would refuse at all. And even if she refuses, as long as he revealed his identity, would the other party dare to disagree?Who dared to provoke the Xia family?Jiang Yi dodged in fear, and Jiang Hua quickly stopped between the two of them. Although there was still a kind smile on his face, his tone was a bit cold.“This customer, if you don’t want to buy something, please leave immediately! Don’t behave like hooligan!”“A hooligan? I’ll give her money, a deal you want. Can I still be called a hooligan! Go away!” Xia Rongze slapped Jiang Hua’s palm away, and smiled arrogantly. “Do you know who I am? Have you heard of the Xia family. Do you dare to stop the woman whom Xia Rongze, the youngest of the Xia family, has taken a fancy to?”He thought that the other party might refuse and resist, but so what?As long as his name as the youngest of the Xia family is revealed, what choice did they have other than submit obediently?Sure enough, after hearing his self-introduction, cold sweat dripped from Jiang Hua’s forehead in an instant.He didn’t expect the other party’s background to be so big, so big that he couldn’t afford to offend him at all. He could only smile more and more flatteringly.“Master Xia, my younger sister is not yet an adult, and she is not good-looking. There are so many beauties in Mingjing, why should you take a fancy to her, right?”“It’s none of your business? I, Xia Rongze, am used to tasting ripe apples, and I want to taste the young and untainted plant today! Why, why don’t you let her go? I will give you 100,000 yuan to buy the ownership of your sister for a day, happy? You are so ignorant of current affairs, believe it or not, I have a hundred ways to make you unable to survive in this world, so that you have no place to stand in this Mingjing or Huaguo!”“At that time, I will let you brothers and sisters only be able to hide under the bridge hole in the wind and rain, like mice in the gutter, drinking sewage and picking up food from the garbage dump to survive. Believe it or not, within five days, I can let you brothers and sisters live such a life!”Jiang Hua’s fist was clenched in the dark.“Master Xia, I… believe it.”“Then you, the dog blocking the way, get out of my way!” Xia Rongze appeared very domineering.Out of the corner of Jiang Hua’s eyes, he saw that his sister behind him had begun to cry in fear. He clenched his fists tightly, feeling aggrieved and anger welled up in his chest, making his eye sockets a little red.It was as if he had punched Xia Rongze’s face full of arrogance. He was even capable of punching this rogue scum to death.But he couldn’t.Because he still had to live.His sister still had to live.Even if this kind of life was ordinary, at least they are living a very satisfied life now. They had a future, and they had expectations for the future and a better life.And after killing Xia Rongze, in the face of the Xia family’s revenge, could he protect his sister well?Would he and his sister still have a future? Would there be any expectations?He was powerful, but now was not an era where strength was judged by force. Power was the real synonym for strength.He wanted to vent, but in order to maintain this fragile and ordinary life, he could only abandon his dignity, and try to please and beg even more.Just because he was a good person.Just because he was a good citizen.Should a good person be pointed at with a gun?Could good people be bullied unscrupulously by bad people, by these powerful people?“Hahahaha!”Xia Rongze looked at Jiang Hua’s red eyes, and suddenly laughed loudly, very flamboyantly.“I just like to see the expressions of you untouchables who are extremely angry but helpless. I just like to see you bow down and flatter me even when you want to kill me.”He patted Jiang Hua’s shoulder contemptuously, raised his chin, and sneered, “Come on, flatter me. If it’s a good one, I can give your sister an extra 100,000 yuan. If it’s a bad one…”He sneered, “Then you won’t have any money. Besides, your sister can only obediently accompany me for a day, and let me…play with her!”Angry!Angry!There was endless anger burning in Jiang Hua’s heart, his fists were clenched, and the skin around his eyeballs became red from the blood.He really didn’t understand why God treated him like this!His parents died early, his younger sister was seriously ill, and he had to buy expensive medicines for treatment every month. He got up early every day to set up a stall to do business, and at night secretly went to the underground ring to fight.Relying on his own skills, the business of selling cakes and noodles had gradually improved. After earning a little money, some hooligans would stare at his stall and try to force him to pay protection fees.He had gained some fame in the underground arena, but because he refused to play fake matches and join forces with the banker, he was assigned a very strong opponent in every match after that, and was sometimes sneaked and plotted against by people before going to the arena.And today, he met Xia Rongze, who was arrogant. Just because of his family background, a scum like him could act crazy in front of him, scream at will, humiliate him, force him, and disobey him. If he retaliated, he would ruin his family!>>>More novels:Click here