“Oldman Liu, I just told you not to worry.”“Look, isn’t that young man in white going up to help your granddaughter?”In the hidden grove, the old master of the Ye family touched the beard under his chin and said with a smile.Clearly, Su Mingyuan’s action made him appreciate him greatly.On the contrary, although the old man of the Liu family breathed a sigh of relief, his face still showed a little worry.“If the younger generation of the Xia family brought up his family background, could the teenager in white still stand up so bravely?”“In this world, the people who dare to help others without fear of power are still a minority.”“That young man, is he such a person too?”As soon as Xiao Ran stepped into the park, he faintly felt that there was some noise coming from the direction of the lake.“Huh? Did something happen over there? Could it be that Old Lao and Old Liu got into a fight?”He ran over there quickly.By the lake, under the willows.Xia Rongze was shocked by Su Mingyuan’s appearance at first, but after he reacted, a more blazing anger burned in his heart.“You should be aware of my identity, right?”Since they had just met face-to-face at Lingxue Pavilion, he believed that both parties should be aware of one another’s identities.“I know.”Su Mingyuan said lightly.Of course he knew Xia Rongze’s identity.This scumbag-like filth was another villain in the plot.But, he disdained to be with him.Despite the fact that they were all villains, Xia Rongze’s actions were truly evil, and Su Mingyuan held this type of person in the lowest regard.His expression also showed this attitude.Xia Rongze saw the hatred and disdain on his face, which was exactly the same as the expression on Liu Mengning’s face just now, and the look that his sister Xia Xueqi always posed to him.“You know? Now that you know my identity as the eldest young master of the Xia Family, who gave you the guts to ruin my operation? You wild dog!”Xia Rongze yelled with anger.In his mind, he was thinking,isn’t this flamboyant white-knight a dog under Murong Hongxue’s command?“If you go now and knock that woman out and give it to the young master obediently, this young master will spare your life as if nothing had happened.”“Otherwise…… Hum!”“It is not easy to be a good person, and there is a price to be paid for being brave. Want to know what it’s like to not have a home? Do you want to feel helpless as you watch someone you care about get insulted to death, you dirty dog? With my name and the power of my family, it’s easy to do this kind of thing no matter who is behind you. No one can hide you, do you understand? Now, hurry up and let me go, knock the woman behind you out, tie her up, and give her to me. You wild dog, if you don’t do something, are you just going to sit there until I throw your family over the river?”‘Dude.’‘What a dude.’Su Mingyuan used to scold Xiao Ran as wild dog during plot performances, using a large number of vicious and cruel threatening words to deliberately arouse his hatred.Unexpectedly, this treatment also fell on him today.It was very cool to scold others and threaten others, but in turn, being insulted and threatened by others like this, there would still be some anger in my heart.But Xia Rongze, you seem to have made a mistake.Now I am not Xiao Ran, who was forced by circumstance and decided to endure the humiliation. I am not subject to any Villain Points reduction. No one can identify me while I am wearing a windbreaker and a mask.I am a knight in white. I want to take care of things that are not pleasing to the eye. When I see someone bullying a girl, I can’t help but want to be righteous and brave.Xia Rongze, I don’t need to endure it.Behind him, Liu Mengning came with worried and frightened eyes. She seemed to be worried about him.Sure enough, when encountering such a situation, even a person like Liu Mengning couldn’t help but feel a little fear, right?Are you afraid that I have chosen to give in at this moment and let you be humiliated and wronged?Su Mingyuan smiled slightly, knowing that it was the best time to get a lot of favorability from Liu Mengning.He grabbed Xia Rongze’s arm with a slight force, causing him to scream in pain.“Xia Rongze, the young master of the Xia family, in reply to your ridiculous threat, what if I choose to say no?”“What would you do?”On his face was a placid smile, as if Xia Rongze’s threat to him was nothing more than the struggling screams of a prey that was soon to die.Not even worth mentioning.“What the hell are you doing! Why don’t you get out of here and save this young master!”Xia Rongze did not respond, but instead wailed in anguish and yelled at his bodyguard.Because, he had this bodyguard by his side, he was so confident and brave.This was the elite of the bodyguards that his family had chosen for him!He had been so insulted in the place under Murong Hongxue last night, so there was lot of pent up anger in his heart.There were a lot of people at that time, and the place was full of Murong Hongxue’s people.Even if he had bodyguards, he couldn’t beat her, so he could only swallow his anger and leave.‘But, there are no other Murong Hongxue subordinates here to assist you now, so who are you pretending to be? You have only yourself to rely on, flamboyant white-knight.’‘Let’s see if I don’t break all three of your legs, and send you to the hospital with a comminuted fracture.’‘Then next, you can only lie in the hospital in despair. Watch me find out your identity, bully all your family and friends to death one by one.’‘You dirty dog, wait, I want you to let everyone know the fate of daring to offend me, Xia Rongze!’In Xia Rongze’s oppressive and expectant attitude, the bodyguard for whom he had high hopes began to act.And…Bang!Su Mingyuan kicked him away, and the bodyguard struck the tree in a magnificent angle.Wussssh!—–WANT TO READ MORE???CLICK HERE