Of course, he wouldn’t agree to Liu Mengning’s request so easily.Too easy to go along would not make people cherish. Once his veil was exposed, it would make them feel that it was nothing more than that.In front of her, keeping the mystery would result in attracting her attention.This would give her a sense of detachment that he might not appear in front of her in the next few days, and hanging her like this constantly would make her more eager to meet him in her heart, making his image more visible in her heart.Do you understand what is too much, what is hard-to-find?So, that was about it for today.This was to get away when Liu Mengning’s interest was aroused, so that she would not be satisfied, and let her think about him day and night.Su Mingyuan remembered that in the next day or two, another accident would happen to Liu Mengning.It was another unexpected encounter between her and Xiao Ran.And then, it was time for him to play again.“Two young ladies, I’ll say goodbye first.”Su Mingyuan was about to leave when Liu Xi, who had been invisible beside him, spoke.“This… kind-hearted knight.” Like LiuMengning, she couldn’t call him Xiao Bai intimately on the very first meeting, so she chose the name reported by him. She was more reserved than her eldest lady, Liu Mengning.“Thank you for your help today, and please rest assured that Xia Rongze will not have the opportunity to send someone to retaliate against you in the future. He bullied Mengning today, and our Liu family will make him pay the price! Also, I wonder if you can leave an address, so I’ll come and say thank you later.”She said gratefully and respectfully.At that time, she deliberately stood up and saidthese words, just to make Su Mingyuan feel at ease. He helped the eldest lady of the Liu family, so how could the Liu family not repay him back?As for Xia Rongze’s revenge? It was even more impossible for the Liu family to let him do something to the benefactor of their eldest lady.Su Mingyuan smiled without restraint. “You don’t have to worry about me. If I was afraid of the power of the Xia family and Xia Rongze’s revenge, I would not have chosen to stand up in the first place. As for things like coming to the door to thank you, that’s even more unnecessary.”With his hands behind his back, he looked up at the endless sky at a forty-five degree angle, and said lightly, “I just saw that there was an injustice and helped me out. Today, no matter who is being bullied by Xia Rongze here, I will choose to stand up, because all I want is to have an open mind and have a clear heart.”At that moment, the wind rustled past the leaves and raised the hem of his windbreaker. His figure looked so majestic, and his eyes looked so bright!It seemed as if he didn’t belong to this mortal world, and he had already grasped the harsh truths in life.“The two of you, I shall meet you again if fate allows it!”After speaking, Su Mingyuan turned around and left in a very unrestrained manner. There was something about him that attracted the two girls who observed him in silence.Liu Xi stared blankly at his back, until he disappeared at the end of the road, and then silently walked back to Liu Mengning.Looking at the landscape painting in front of her, which was full of aura and vividness afterSu Mingyuan added a few strokes, she suddenly thought of the previous words in her heart: In this world, what kind of man is worthy of Mengning?At that moment, thinking of what just happened, she suddenly had a strange premonition.Perhaps, only this handsome, mysterious, and righteous knight is worthy of her, right?Turning her head and looking at Liu Mengning’s reluctant eyes, Liu Xi sighed in her heart:Sure enough, Mengning must have a lot of goodwill towards him in her heart, a lot of curiosity, right?She seldom saw Liu Mengning so interested in a person and showing such a reluctant expression to his departure.However, after only two or three seconds, the reluctant expression on Liu Mengning’s face disappeared, and the innocence that belonged to a little girl also disappeared in an instant.It was as if a switch had been turned off, and her personality changed in an instant.The graceful, dignified, and noble temperament reappeared in her.Eh?Liu Xi was a little surprised by Liu Mengning’s change at this moment.Could it be that the reluctance just now was just pretended by Mengning? Could it be that…she’s actually not interested in that Mr. Knight?“Sister Xi, you seem to be surprised.” Liu Mengning smiled gently, with the demeanour of an aristocratic eldest lady. There was a hint of maturity in those calm eyes.“Because I thought that Mr. Knight should be very interesting in Mengning’s eyes, but you don’t seem to have much regret and pity because of his departure,” Liu Xi said.“Parting is for a better encounter, so what’s a pity. By the way, Sister Xi, do you remember what we came out for today?” Liu Mengning turned to look at Liu Xi and asked suddenly.“What to do? Isn’t it painting?” Liu Xi was a little puzzled.“Painting? Sister Xi, you have a really bad memory. I remember I said that we were actually here to fish. You asked me with a blank face at the time where the fishing rod was.”“Look, you really don’t care about me at all, you don’t care about me. You can’t even remember what I said, hum, you ungrateful bad woman.”Liu Mengning pursed her lips slightly, rolled her eyes at her, and said with some dissatisfaction, showing an innocent and cute look.She’s a real succubus.Liu Xi was completely confused now.Mengning keeps saying things I don’t understand, please, is it so interesting to be give a riddle everytime, is it so fun?“Sister Xi, you have to put this painting away carefully and frame it when you get home. This is a precious gift that Xiao Bai left for me.”“I know, I know, you can rest assured.”Only then did Liu Mengning take out her phone and put on her earphones, listening to the music and watching the video on her own.While Liu Xi carefully put away the painting, she couldn’t help but quietly lean over behind Liu Mengning.These days Mengning is always holding a mobile phone and I don’t know what she is looking at. Today, I will take this opportunity to find out!The man in this video is singing with a guitar…Isn’t that the dashing and handsome Mr. Knight just now!Seeing the video playing on the screen, Liu Xi was shocked.Could it be that… Mengning has been holding her phone for the past few days, just watching a video about this man?Could it be that… she had a lot of good feelings for him for a long time, and even came here today to meet him… by chance?Thinking of what Liu Mengning said just now, I didn’t come here to paint, but to fish here.Liu Xi suddenly seemed to understand something.It turned out that what Mengning wanted to catch was not the small shrimp and small fish in the lake in front of her, but the real big fish which was Mr. Knight!pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comIt turns out… is everything in Mengning’s calculations?Looking at Liu Mengning who was holding the phone and watching the video with a smile on her face, Liu Xi couldn’t help but smack her tongue.Because she really couldn’t connect Liu Mengning with the scheming military officer image in the TV series.After all, my eldest lady is the cutest, isn’t she?—–WANT TO READ MORE???CLICK HERE