Xia Rongze was desperate to find a woman who could restore his manhood and prove that he had no problems.However, before that, he had to demand an explanation for the indignation he experienced last night at the place under Murong Hongxue.So, he came right up to the door and hollered angrily.I, the young master of the Xia family, clearly desired a woman last night, but your men arranged a strong man for me. What do you mean?Not only do you dare to slap me, the young master of the Xia family, in the face, but you also dare to slap my Xia family!You must give me a statement for this matter today!However, he did not anticipate that the family’s female demon would also be present.Now, Xia Rongze was really being hit in the face.Moreover, slapped sounds were echoing.“You’re pretty skilled with women, Xia Rongze, right? Isn’t it wonderful to play with females?”The hands of Xia Xueqi kept moving, but Xia Rongze didn’t dare fight back. He could only stand there like a quail. Because he had been abused since he was a child, he had a psychological shadow.At that time, he hoped that there would be an existence that could cure Xia Xueqi.He wished that his brother-in-law was around to help him in restraining Xia Xueqi’s arrogant aura!He needed a sense of security……Outside the house, Xia Rongze was being beaten.Inside the house, Murong Hongxue’s eyes widened and she was a little stunned.She was happy when Su Mingyuan took her aside to talk to her alone.When Su Mingyuan explained, she did not inquire further. She instead smiled and responded, “Okay.”Seeing that she had promised so positively, Su Mingyuan let go of his worries and prepared to leave.Murong Hongxue was completely flustered.My knight, you haven’t been with me for very long. Haven’t we done more pleasant things together? Then, why are you leaving in this sort of way?Suddenly, she realised something.Although the time spent between Mingyuan and Xia Xueqi made her hostile. They were even intimate with each other.This made her even more angry, and she could only retaliate due to the repeated attacks by Xia Xueqi.But, fortunes and misfortunes were interdependent. As long as Xia Xueqi was around, she and Mingyuan were limited to kissing and cuddling at most, unable to go further.She looked like she won this confrontation, but she didn’t.What about Xia Xueqi?On the face, it was good-looking, but inside, another opportunity to deepen the relationship with Mingyuan was wasted!Even Mingyuan was now prepared to depart, but the fire in her heart grew ever more intense, impossible to be extinguished!Su Mingyuan took her to the door, greeted Xia Xueqi, released her hand, and left.Murong Hongxue’s face was full of regret.If I had known… I would not have been so anxious, so as not to irritate Xia Xueqi and provoke Mingyuan so terribly.Consequently, the uncomfortable person was now herself!Xia Xueqi was surprised to see Su Mingyuan leave, but she didn’t show it. Instead, her brows twitched with surprise, and she struck Xia Rongze with less force than she intended.Of course, she didn’t use much force when she started, it would only make Xia Rongze feel pain, but he would not be hurt.Xia Rongze was holding his head while receiving a hard thrashing from his older sister. He peeked out of the corner of his eye towards Su Mingyuan, recalling this individual behind him.Is he Murong Hongxue’s newly acquired subordinate?I haven’t seen him before.What are you pretending to be handsome when you are wearing such alluring clothes?Thinking of the great grievances he had suffered at Murong Hongxue’s hands last night, and thinking of the picture of himself being beaten by his elder sister while a subordinate was witnessing it, he immediately hated Su Mingyuan as well.Oh, filthy whore, pray that you’d better not appear in front of this young master in the future, otherwise don’t blame me.Before he finished speaking the harsh words in his heart, he received another heavy blow on the head. He hugged his head, dodged, and shouted, “Sister, stop hitting. I was wrong. I really know I was wrong.”After Xia Xueqi hit Xia Rongze a few more times without stopping, she let him go and told him to get out alone.He turned around with his chest in his arms, and a faint sneering smile appeared on his cold and pretty face.“Why don’t you continue your lovey-dovey behaviour with your knight in front of my eyes, Hongxue?”Murong Hongxue was feeling resentful as a result of Su Mingyuan’s departure. How could she bear hearing Xia Xueqi’s mockery at this time?Xia Xueqi, you probably don’t know what awaits you next, right?See if I don’t throw you into the whirlpool of the Xia family’s power struggle, so that you can’t get out.She took Xia Xueqi’s hand and told her with a gentle and friendly face that as a good sister, of course she should give her great assistance, but she sneered in her heart.Upon hearing these sisterly words, Xia Xueqi’s expression abruptly grew colder and more icy.Okay, Murong Hongxue, so originally you are waiting for me here?After making me angry today, you still believe that it is not enough, and that you must completely eliminate me, squeezing all of my time to the point where I can not find time to date with Mingyuan, right?