When Su Mingyuan walked out of the restaurant, he could still taste Xia Xueqi’s lips.It was a little different than Ruoruo’s, but just as alluring.He suddenly realized that he unknowingly accomplished what he had failed to do last week.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comHe was able to take away the first kiss of the female protagonist as the villain!Moreover, from two female leads!If it wasn’t for the fact that the narrative of this world had broken even more than it was last week, and the fact that the heroines’ personalities have changed, he would have never had the opportunity to taste their two sweet lips.For him, Ruoruo’s current personality had shifted into something strange (innocent no more!) who’d willingly sacrifice herself for her brother.Although she still seemed innocent, Su Mingyuan knew that underneath that facade, was a deeply hidden secret.And what about Xia Xueqi?Apart from her still liking Xiao Ran, her original personality totally disappeared, only to be replaced by the opposite traits amped to the extreme.Even her family’s oppression of her had intensified significantly this week compared to the last.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comHowever, having been forced to fire Xiao Ran just this afternoon, she had lost her only helper.And in order to alleviate some of the pressure the Xia Family was exerting on her, she had no choice but to adopt the strategy of staging a date with him.Wait a minute!At that very moment, Su Mingyuan had a flash of inspiration. He’d found a breakthrough!If Xia Xueqi felt so oppressed that she had to find her ‘trash fiancé’ to have a pretend date, couldn’t this be the opportunity to reunite her with Xiao Ran?With Xia Xueqi being oppressed by her own Xia Family, to the point she felt suffocated, the other three of the four major families would definitely not deign to interfere as they are all too happy just watching the Xia’s infight.Not to mention, none of the other minor families in the noble circle would dare to provoke the Xia’s, the top hegemon.Therefore, right now, Xia Xueqi was utterly helpless and alone. She needed help badly!If Xiao Ran learned about her predicament and displayed his true strength to her, Xia Xueqi would definitely not refuse to take him back.The two would be reconnected, and the plot will likely get back on track right after!He no longer had to worry about Xia Xueqi’s plotlines collapsing any further. In fact, even his villain plotline might return to normal, finally giving him more chances to earn villain points!All this hinged on Xiao Ran finding out about all of this. Their reunion will get everything back on track!Because I know him well!He is the protagonist that likes Xia Xueqi, even if she’s been disgraced. If she learned of her current predicament, he’d definitely come running to help.And Xia Xueqi would definitely accept him back in order to overturn her Xia Family’s oppression and restraint on her. With the two reunited, it is very likely that their relationship will follow the original timeline, developing deeper feelings with each other, and finally falling in love…But little did Su Mingyuan know that Xia Xueqi had already seen through this ‘breakthrough’ he had. Obliviously, he balled his fist in elated celebration.Su Mingyuan was not at all bothered by the notion of Xia Xueqi eventually falling in love with Xiao Yan, according to the original plot.In fact, he had already wholeheartedly accepted this result since last week. All the heroines belonged to Xiao Ran. He, the villain, only deserved to be punched in the face. This was the truth of this world.That’s why he never regarded Xia Xueqi as his woman, even after kissing her. He was unqualified and unworthy!Moreover, he was destined to be just a stepping stone, eventually returning to his hometown.So for him, all the female protagonists were already in Xiao Ran’s harem.But now that he’d already taken Xia Xueqi’s first kiss…This is obviously what he deserved. May be Xiao Ran secretly fucking stupid?This made him feel strangely excited!In addition, he didn’t expect Ruoruo’s kiss would cheer him up when he was in a pit of despair.On the other hand, Xia Xueqi’s kiss made him extremely joyous! It made him realize a way to return the world to how it should be.‘Great!’In the future, please kiss me if I get depressed again. I’ll cheer right up!‘I finally found a way to solve this problem.’‘I only need to find a way to get a message to Xiao Ran.’‘And that way would be…’‘Of course through Ruoruo!’‘She’s Xiao Ran’s secret agent. As long as I mention it to her, from her concern about her brother, she would definitely contact Xiao Ran in secret!’‘It’s done!’‘Everything is going back to normal!’‘I knew I should have never despaired! As long as I stay optimistic and always think positive, there’s no obstacle I can’t overcome in this world!’Su Mingyuan walked leisurely on the street, looking for his car to go home.Though, he realized that after arguing with Xia Xueqi for all that time, he hadn’t had lunch yet.When he finally found his Rolls-Royce, he suddenly noticed the car parked next to him.After a closer inspection, wasn’t this sister Su Xuelan’s car?‘Is she here for me?’He went over to take a look, but Su Xuelan wasn’t in her car. He went inside his own car only to find a gentle and dignified beauty sitting inside, waiting for him.“Sis, why… are you here?” He asked doubtfully as he took his seat.Before he could even sit properly, Su Xuelan had already got him in an embrace.“Mingyuan, I just found out about what had happened this morning. Xia Xueqi, that bitch, scorned you in front of so many people and smeared your reputation. It’s all my fault, after saying I would protect you, but ended up letting you get hurt…”She hugged him tightly as her voice was full of self-blame. Her breasts, which were not in any way inferior to those of Xia Xueqi’s, were pressed keenly on his chest.Strangely enough, Su Mingyuan didn’t feel anything special from them. Instead, he felt a bit uncomfortable.It was only then that he remembered: There was originally another heroine with a bad personality.His sister, Su Xuelan.His older sister, who was so disappointed in him last week that by the end of the novel, would have watched him die with cold eyes, now seemed to care about him very deeply.It was… very disconcerting.However, if someone treated him well, he would naturally not be ungrateful.“Si-sis…? It’s alright. No one can know what the future may bring, right? Anyways, I only got scolded, so it’s nothing big.” Su Mingyuan consoled Su Xuelan by patting her back.“By the way, sis, how did you know I was here?”“Who in this Ming City doesn’t know this unique Rolls-Royce of yours? Everytime you park your car, there’s inevitably someone who’ll snap a photo and post it online. Finding you is too easy, isn’t it?” Su Xuelan sniffled as she said this.“Oh? So that’s how it was.” Su Mingyuan felt that what she said was very reasonable and didn’t think much more about it.Unbeknownst to him, Su Xuelan’s normally gentle and dignified face flashed a trace of hostility when she discovered a scent on his body.‘There’s a woman’s smell on Mingyuan’s body!’Su Xuelan squinted.‘This familiar scent… Xia Xueqi, it’s her!’‘My good sister, I thought you were a conservative woman like me, but I didn’t expect you to be so…’At that moment, murder flashed in her eyes!What did that woman do to my Mingyuan!***