In order to prepare for this romance, Su Mingyuan did spend a lot of money.He even sent someone to communicate with the surrounding construction merchants in advance, just to be able to turn off the lights when he needed it.In the cockpit of the Ferris wheel, which was absolutely silent, empty, and dark, Xia Xueqi saw the most unforgettable fireworks in her life.The fireworks were endless, illuminating the night sky above the small half of the Ming capital.Tonight, I am afraid that many people are guessing which eldest or youngest heir took the trouble to arrange such a grand and romantic scene in order to chase a women.Right below the fireworks, Liu Mengning raised her head and looked at the wonderful and grand scene. The colourful lights were reflected in the pupils of the water. There was no jealousy or unwillingness on her face, but a faint yearning.Kissing surrounded by such romantic fireworks must be a very sweet and happy experience, right?She couldn’t help looking at the centre of the fireworks. All the splendour tonight was only for the beauty sitting there, and murmured,“It’s beautiful.”At that moment, there was no one around her, only the lonely tree cast a long shadow to accompany her.She didn’t need to pretend and she didn’t need to act because no one would see her.She could take off all the masks and freely reveal her true emotions.Even so, she did not feel any jealousy or unwillingness for this, which proved that she really did not have such negative emotions in her heart, and her blessing to Xia Xueqi just now was really sincere.She certainly wouldn’t be jealous of that.Because she had already experienced such grand and beautiful fireworks once with Su Mingyuan who was a white knight in her previous life.It seemed to be such a night, and the fireworks that night were so bright and splendid.The dangerous events that happened that night had long been blurred in her memory. Only the fireworks that Su Mingyuan arranged for her after he rescued her were still clearly reflected in her mind.He was always willing to satisfy her willfulness, her whim.Sometimes, Liu Mengning felt that compared to the unpredictable self in the eyes of others.This mysterious knight, who always appeared in time to save her in dangerous moments, was even more elusive.The weather was very good that night. The stars could be seen in the clear night sky. The evening wind was blowing gently. They sat on the lawn on the hillside and watched the dim light spots rise from the ground and into the sky. And then the “bang” echoed, emitting a brilliant showers of light that overshadowed the stars.The night sky was more beautiful than tonight. She remembered turning her head and staring at his eyes that were brighter than anything in the world.“Knight, I also know that I am a troublesome and willful person in the eyes of others. I will always run to complete the task without any scruples because of an idea or a whim that suddenly pops up in my mind. Even the close friends and family around me can’t stand it sometimes.“But why is it only you, only you who are always willing to tolerate all my willfulness, satisfy all my impulsive demands, and accompany me to go crazy and make trouble, why?”“Because I envy you.”“Envy me?”“Liu Mengning, in this world, everyone has the urge to suddenly want to do something on a whim. Seeing the beautiful sun in the morning. Or an urge to get up early to climb the mountain. Others talk about where the scenery is beautiful and the snacks are delicious, so I suddenly have the urge to experience it for myself; I am tired from overtime and I want to just fall into bed and sleep until tomorrow afternoon. When I am depressed, I want to run to the deserted beach and yell at the sea breeze and waves. I also want to experience the wildness.”“In one’s life, there are too many impulses like this, but the framework of life and society will always quickly step on this impulse. The eyes of the outside world, family members, concerns, responsibilities, pressures, everything, are slowly smoothing out the edges and corners of people, leaving people without willful capital, no matter who that person is.”“That’s why I envy you. In this life, there are so many things that I want to do but don’t have the opportunity to do. You have the courage to break through this cage; you can do it freely regardless of the pressure and vision of the outside world. Whenever I see you like this, I seem to see a self who also yearns for unfettered freedom. I can’t be that kind of person, but I at least hope that you can always have such joy and freedom.”At that time, when Su Mingyuan said this to Liu Mengning, he was actually deliberately acting handsome, and with the bright fireworks, he deliberately tickled the girl’s heartstrings.You crazy girl is usually so tiring that I’m going to die. Now, when you hear my words, why don’t you shed two moving tears for me?Liu Mengning was indeed moved, but she didn’t cry. She just stared into his eyes and asked softly, “Knight, is there anything you’ve always wanted to do but haven’t had the chance to do?”“That’s a lot!” Su Mingyuan immediately began to brag.“I want to see the first snow in the northern country. I want to drive a boat into the sea to hunt a white shark. I want to climb the highest mountain in the world on foot, and skydive from a height of 10,000 metres…”These were still small things, and he even started talking about wanting to fight the hidden sect, kick the ancient martial arts family, coerce China, become famous overseas, open the harem, and sleep together. Own his own country, and become the master of the world…He was joking at the time, but the speaker was unintentional, and the listener was intentional.Every wish he said was completely recorded in Liu Mengning’s mind.It had been remembered until now.Do you have a lot of things you want to do but don’t have the opportunity to do in your life?In the past life, even Liu Mengning couldn’t really have any scruples and would do whatever she wanted.However, most of her willful wishes were fulfilled by Su Mingyuan, a handsome and mysterious white knight in a white trench coat.In this life, it was her turn to fulfill his wish.As long as… as long as it is confirmed that this is not a parallel world, as long as the white knight she knows has not changed.Then, as long as she could work hard to help him achieve his wish, even if it was to open a harem, she would…Liu Mengning looked up at the infinite romantic and magnificent fireworks and starlight intertwined in the sky. She imagined the two people hugging and kissing in the Ferris wheel at that moment, and whispered, “It’s good, it’s really good…”***WANT TO READ MORE???CLICK HERE