Two swift figures flashed past at the same time.Su Mingyuan hugged the little boy and avoided the collapsing cargo box, but Xiao Ran passed the little boy and ran towards Liu Mengning.His blood was stirring in excitement, and the corners of his mouth couldn’t help but rise slightly, as if he had imagined that after rescuing Liu Mengning, she was lying in his arms with a shy look on her face.At that time, I can’t look like a pig, I must be calm, calm, and have a master style!However, none of Xiao Ran’s fantasies came true.Because just when boxes of heavy goods fell overhead, Liu Mengning reacted very quickly and pulled Liu Xi to escape in the opposite direction of the dangerous area.Liu Xi didn’t react for a while. Although she was pulled by her, he was still a step slower.A box of goods hit her head.As a result, Xiao Ran still failed to complete the script of the hero saving beauty this time to save Liu Mengning, because she had avoided danger by herself.In the end, he just arrived in time to grab Liu Xi’s hand and pull her out of danger.He couldn’t see Liu Mengning’s shy and grateful look in his arms, and he didn’t even hold her hand, but just reluctantly rescued her agent.Xiao Ran felt extremely regretful about this, even a little annoyed.However, my appearance this time should be regarded as a performance, and it must left a deep impression on her heart, right?He thought so.At the same time, Su Mingyuan let go of his arms, touched the little boy’s frightened head, and said with a smile, “Children, when you cross the road in the future, you should pay attention to the conditions on both sides of the road, don’t be so reckless.”At that time, the little boy’s mother also ran over with lingering fear, hugged her son with excitement and joy, and thanked Su Mingyuan again and again.If it wasn’t for this good person, her son might really…She repeatedly thanked Su Mingyuan for his rescue, thinking about how to repay the benefactor, but Su Mingyuan waved his hands repeatedly to refuse, saying that it was just a small thing, and there was no need to thank him.Looking at the fleeting back of the mother and son, Su Mingyuan smiled slightly, but he didn’t feel any regret or annoyance in his heart.Yes, he was not a good person, and even for the great cause of returning home, he made the scumbag-like choice of attacking many female protagonists this week.In terms of reason and interests, he arrived at the scene earlier than Xiao Ran just now, and was closer to Liu Mengning. It was the best choice to save her first so as to destroy her goodwill towards him.But, Xiao Ran obviously had the ability to do it, but chooses to see death instead of saving someone…He couldn’t do this kind of thing.His mission was to play the villain, but his heart never set out to be a real villain.“Big brother!”Suddenly, the little boy with tears in the corners of his eyes broke free from his mother’s arms and ran towards him.“What’s the matter?” he asked softly.“This is for you!” The little boy held a badge in both hands and put it into his hand on tiptoe.It was the kind of very ordinary toy badge that children liked very much. It was a transforming device or iconic item of characters such as Ultraman and Kamen Rider in this world.Although the workmanship was average, it was not worth much in the eyes of adults. But, it was the most precious treasure of the little boy.Now, he had handed this treasure into his hands.“Mom always said that the Kamen Riders on TV don’t exist, they were performed by the actors and brothers. But I learned today that Kamen Riders really exist in this world!”With a happy smile, the little boy waved goodbye to him. “Thank you for saving me, Kamen Rider!”Su Mingyuan held the badge in the palm of his hand, put it away, and watched the little boy trot to keep up with his mother. The mother and son left together holding hands and laughing.I feel so good.Looking at this scene, he sighed sincerely in his heart.No wonder there is no regret in my heart, no regret at all.If I just left him alone and went to rescue Liu Mengning, that would be the real mistake, right?Su Mingyuan looked back, and sure enough, Xiao Ran was already around Liu Mengning, as if he was talking to her.But none of this made him feel so surprised.What really surprised him was that the fans who had gathered to listen to him sing before, all gathered around excitedly and praised his heroic act just now.“My God! Brother in white, you were so handsome just now!”“Singing so well, mysterious and handsome, and powerful, my God! What a wonderful man this is, I love him!”“Little brother, brother, do you have a girlfriend? If not, it just so happens that I don’t have a boyfriend either!”“The handsome guy in white, I’m going to give you a monkey!”“Big brother, are you interested in fencing with me?”…For a while, the people crowded over, and even the road was blocked. Su Mingyuan became a hero in the eyes of everyone.On the other side, Xiao Ran seemed to be left alone, and was even pushed aside by the crowd.After all, the scene just now didn’t seem to require him to take action. Liu Mengning could pull Liu Xi out of danger with one more force.The embarrassed expression froze Xiao Ran’s face for a while.When he rushed over just now, he naturally saw his junior brother and the little boy who was in danger.At that time, he had a little selfishness in his heart. He thought, since the junior brother is here, he can rescue the little boy?Rather than saving the little boy, he wanted to express himself in front of Liu Mengning.So it was clear that he was closer to the little boy, but he went straight past him and ran towards Liu Mengning.His behaviour itself, in fact, was forcing the younger brother to have only the choice of saving the little boy.So… despicable.But now, people gathered around and praised the hero and kindness of the younger brother, but he was pushed aside as a supporting role…It was impossible to say that it was not embarrassing, and there was no embarrassment in his heart about it.But that’s okay, the name of the hero is put on the head of the younger brother, I feel a lot better, and I don’t have so much guilt for the younger brother. I can concentrate on how to improve the goodwill of the big star in front of me.Xiao Ran thought so, and his mood relaxed again.Is it important to be complimented?The important thing was that he finally showed up in front of Liu Mengning and rescued her agent. Now, she would definitely look at me with admiration, right?Then, he was very happy to see Liu Mengning showing him a grateful smile, and said to him in a gentle tone, “Thank you for saving my agent.”“Hands up.” Xiao Ran said calmly, pretending to be a mysterious expert, but his heart was already happy.Liu Mengning, she smiled at me again!And she’s so gentle to me!How will she thank me next? invite me to visit her house? Discuss a time to invite me to dinner?Xiao Ran’s was full of infiniteexpectations, and his heart had already risen into the air.“You saved Sister Xi, so let Sister Xi discuss with you how to thank you for your help. I won’t get involved in this matter. You can go to the coffee shop next door to chat.”After speaking, Liu Mengning left Xiao Ran, who was stunned, and walked towards Su Mingyuan.What exactly is going on?Xiao Ran looked at the back of her leaving in disbelief. The heart that was hanging in the airand filled with infinite expectations suddenly accelerated and fell into the bottomless abyss.Why? Why is this so?Obviously I came first, obviously I saved you…Hello! Liu Mengning, did you make a mistake!It was the little boy who was saved by the younger brother, and it was me who saved your agent!It’s me, Xiao Ran!Why did you abandon me and walk in the direction of my junior brother instead?This is totally unreasonable!Xiao Ran couldn’t understand this at all, he couldn’t accept it!—–WANT TO READ MORE???CLICK HERE