The incident that happened at Blue Rose bar tonight was quickly spread in Ming City’s upper circles.Xia Xueqi was not too surprised when she found out about the whole story, except she had a slight frown.The only thing that surprised her was that she had thought that Murong Hongxue would be the one to stand up for Su Mingyuan. However, she did not expect Su Xuelan to appear there.No, it was better to say that Su Xuelan had deliberately appeared there.She had chosen to appear at that moment just to gain Su Mingyuan’s favour.Huh, Su Xuelan, you keep saying that I’m your good sister, yet you’re actually running away on a set that doesn’t belong to you in order to create a good impression on Mingyuan?It seemed like you were exasperated last time, and couldn’t hold yourself back this time.Xia Xueqi sneered.But what is the use of this?No matter how much she likes him, she is only Mingyuan’s sister.Besides…Xiao Ran told everyone that I had brought him to the banquet a few days ago, making the matter of the engagement between Mingyuan and me once again become the focus of attention.Don’t I have an excuse to go on a date with Mingyuan?It can’t be helped. Actually, I don’t want to go either, but the family gives me too much pressure.As Su Mingyuan’s fiancée, I have no choice but to find him for a date to show the public the marriage between the Su Family and the Xia FamilyI don’t want to either but…The corners of Xia Xueqi’s mouth twitched.At that moment, Xiao Ran suddenly called.A trace of disgust flashed through Xia Xueqi’s eyes the moment she saw the name.“Du…Du…Du ……”The call was answered.“Xueqi, you should have heard about tonight’s incident. I… I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to say that at the time…” Xiao Ran said apologetically.Right now, he was extremely regretful, regretting why he had been so complacent that he had said such things!Not only did he give Su Xuelan a chance to give him a hard time, but he also made his own reputation stink. What if Xueqi hated her…At the thought of this, he felt uncomfortable.He could tolerate the ridicule, slander of the entire world. He felt that as long as he continued to endure, he could restore his bad reputation.However, he couldn’t bear the fact that the girl he liked had the same expression on her face as those people, and showed a trace of disgust towards him, even for a moment!So after leaving the bar for a bit of rest, he immediately called Xia Xueqi to apologise.Even so, he felt a sense of fear in his heart. He was afraid that Xia Xueqi’s voice, which he had heard on the phone, would sound cold and disgusted.“I know, I know.”However, what made him happy was that Xia Xueqi’s voice was not cold at this moment. Instead, it was comforting him.“Xiao Ran, I know who you are. I believe that you’ve only spoken straightforwardly for a moment and don’t have so many dirty thoughts. I believe in your character, so I won’t blame you.”“Xueqi…!” At this moment, Xiao Ran felt extremely moved.He knew that Xueqi would not underestimate him like everyone else!At this point in time, when Su Xuelan had criticised him, Xueqi was the only one who wouldn’t be disturbed by the rumours. She still believed in his character and his heart.He knew!“But, Xiao Ran ……”Suddenly, Xia Xueqi’s voice was hesitant as if she was finding it difficult to say something.Xiao Ran hurriedly asked, “Just what, Xueqi?”“But don’t make such a mistake again in the future. Xiao Ran, do you know that your words from tonight reached my parents’ mouths and the Xia family. I…” Xia Xueqi’s voice sounded tired and heart breaking.Just hearing these words along with Xia Xueqi’s sad tone, Xiao Ran could imagine how much trouble he had caused Xia Xueqi with his complacent manner!“Although I have Xia Chengquan to help me, but ……”Xia Xueqi paused for a moment and said with great difficulty, “…… But I’m afraid I have no choice but to go meet Su Mingyuan.”Xiao Ran immediately fell silent.If he had known that his words would cause such consequences, he would never have said those words again even if he had been given a hundred chances to do it again!Unfortunately, there was no medicine for regret in the world, and time could not be reversed.The only emotions he was filled with right now  was regret, extreme regret.Right now, he wished he could immediately teleport back and mercilessly shave his mouth.What the hell was he doing at that time?!“Xueqi, I… I really didn’t expect this to happen. I’m sorry, I… I…”Xiao Ran’s current mood was filled with extreme regret and pain. He didn’t know what to say anymore and his words became incoherent.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Xiao Ran, you… don’t take it to heart. Even if it was a date, I would try my best to keep a distance from Su Minyuan and not let him… take advantage of me.”Xia Xueqi was still consoling him at this point. It made Xiao Ran feel extremely moved and even more uncomfortable.“Don’t worry too much. I’ll protect myself. If you… If you hear any bad news about me, please believe me.”“Xueqi, there’s no need to say anything. When everyone thinks that I’m a villain with ulterior motives and ungrateful, only you trust me so much. How could I, Xiao Ran, not believe you?”Xiao Ran’s heart was filled with guilt towards Xia Xueqi. How could he suspect her?The only thing that could make him feel a little less pained was the news that Su Mingyuan was impotent from Ruoruo.Su Mingyuan was impotent, so even if Xueqi was forced by the Xia family to go out with him, he wouldn’t be able to do anything. Xueqi also said that she would protect him.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comBut…Damn the Xia family!After hanging up, Xiao Ran punched the table heavily.If he didn’t help Xueqi topple them, they would definitely continue to force Xueqi to date Su Mingyuan!Fortunately, my second group of subordinates are about to arrive, and my good brother, Viper, ranked 73rd on the assassin list, is also in this group.As soon as they come, I will be able to exert more strength to help Xueqi.At this moment, Xiao Ran made such a decision without hesitation in his heart.But soon, he had a headache again.If he wanted to open up a security company, he must find a way to turn his reputation around, at least it couldn’t be too bad. Moreover, he also had to find a way to get Murong Hongxue’s approval…This was so difficult.At the same time, the corner of Xia Xueqi’s mouth, who hung up the phone, was slightly upturned, sketching a contemptuous smile.The stupid Xiao Ran was completely played by her.Whatever she uttered, he really believed it like a fool.And in this way, even if she and Mingyuan were accidentally caught and revealed to Xiao Ran, Xiao Ran would probably not believe it.Because now, he believed in her like this, he couldn’t think that I would be with Mingyuan behind his back.Great success of the plan!Heh, Su Xuelan, what if you helped Mingyuan get ahead of him tonight?Now I took advantage of the momentum tonight, so that Xiao Ran trusts me wholeheartedly, and I can date Mingyuan as his fiancée.And you’re just his sister, what can you do?Thinking of this, the corner of Xia Xueqi’s mouth rose again by a few tenths of a centimetre, and then she clicked on the phone address book.She was not going to call Su Xuelan immediately to share this joy.Because of such a happy and beautiful mood, of course, it was most wonderful to share with her after taking a few more photos on the date with Mingyuan and sending them to her.So she was going to call Su Mingyuan.The rhetoric in front of Xiao Ran, and the show in front of the good sister Su Xuelan, one of the prerequisites for these to be established was the date with Mingyuan.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comThis couldn’t be missed.So she had to call Su Mingyuan first and ask him to agree to a date with her.Of course, Mingyuan might be a little reluctant, because in his heart, she was still the iceberg beauty who was cold and arrogant and hated him very much.But she had already figured out an excuse to force him out.But after a few more dates, Mingyuan would find that her attitude towards him has gradually changed.He would find that his disgust for her gradually decreasing, and he would even begin to appreciate her, becoming less and less resistant to intimate actions between them, and even occasionally blush because of some of her actions.At that time, there was no need for her to make excuses, Mingyuan might take the initiative to find her on a date.Her big chess moves, which were steadily developing and slowly turning aggressive, would definitely be a little difficult at the beginning, not progressing as quickly as others, and she was mentally prepared for this.And she also believed that she would be the first to win the final victory, occupying the most important position in Mingyuan’s heart.not to mention……Isn’t there another Su Xuelan who has the worst script as a sister who is at the bottom?Thinking of this, the corners of her mouth couldn’t help but rise, and then she dialled the phone.“Beep…beep…beep…”The phone couldn’t go through.***