“So, the focus of our next product will shift to ……”Bang!In the meeting room, Xia Xueqi was talking about the company’s layout in front of the company’s top management. However, the door of the meeting room was suddenly and violently pushed open.“Yang Ye, didn’t I tell you that no one is allowed to disturb us during the meeting!”“What if it’s me who wants to come in?”At the door of the conference room, Su Mingyuan walked in with an unconcealed pace. Behind him was the silent Xiao Ruoruo and the angry Xiao Ran who was waiting for a good show.As for the female employee who was leading the way, she was standing at the door. If it weren’t for the bodyguard at the door, Yang Ye, who was supporting her, she would have collapsed to the ground long ago.The company’s higher-ups weren’t happy that the meeting had been interrupted. Some of them even raised their butts slightly and were about to scold the staff members who had barged in. But when they saw who it was, they immediately extinguished their anger.This was not someone they could afford to offend.Xia Xueqi’s beautiful face was originally full of anger towards Su Mingyuan who suddenly barged in.But when she saw Xiao Ruoruo following behind him, her beautiful eyes suddenly froze.Then, she quickly snapped back to her senses and mocked Su Mingyuan with a cold face.“You came in? I don’t know when my company allowed a dog to enter.”Hearing this familiar mockery, Su Mingyuan looked unhappy. However, he heaved a sigh of relief in his heart. He was so touched that he wanted to cry.‘I knew that there wouldn’t be repeated incidents in this world. The changes between Xiao Ruoruo and Su Xuelan are already enough to give me a headache. How could such a troublesome situation happen for the third time?’Before he broke into the meeting room, he was still a little worried.However, when he saw Xia Xueqi’s cold face and heard those words, it made him feel extremely familiar.His hanging heart could finally relax.‘Finally, I finally met a normal female protagonist!’‘Thank God, thank Xia Xueqi. Fortunately, you did not disappoint me. You are still such a venomous woman.’‘You haven’t changed. This is very important!’‘If I can get a perfect evaluation for this performance, I will definitely give you a great merit!’At this moment, Xia Xueqi had only used one look, one expression, and one sentence, but Su Mingyuan was already in a good mood and felt relaxed.He felt that he had stabilised this time.The kind that could never falter.The preparations for the show were in place, and the important male and female protagonists in the show were normal. They were completely in line with the original plot of the novel. Then, everything would be as he had planned, ushering in Xiao Ran’s reversal, making this show completely perfect!‘Tell me, how could I fail?’‘I couldn’t lose!’‘But right now, it is still important to continue performing.’Su Mingyuan immediately smiled.“Xia Xueqi, the dog you’re talking about doesn’t mean me, but Xiao Ran, right? After all, only a security guard like him has the same status as the dog you’re talking about.”“There is no distinction between high and low jobs. Whether people are equal or not is not determined by their status. However, humans and dogs were very different. Dogs didn’t know how to be polite and liked to pee and bark everywhere, while humans knew how to be polite and shameless. Do you understand? It’s rude not to knock on the door, Sir?”‘Good, good scolding!’‘Just like that!’Su Mingyuan was very happy.The more Xia Xueqi ridiculed him and insulted him, the more normal she was and the more she did not deviate from her plot.In his heart, he happily clapped for her words, but his expression was one of anger.“Xia Xueqi, can I understand… Are you mocking me for Xiao Ran?”Su Mingyuan’s expression turned hostile, and his eyes burned with anger.He arrogantly walked in, thinking of giving Xiao Ran a huge humiliation, but in the end, he was insulted by his fiancée.Previously, he was still in Xia Xueqi’s office, arrogantly scolding Xiao Ran as a dog but now, he was ridiculed as the same animal by Xia Xueqi.It was still the type with no dirty words.It was as if a basin of cold water had suddenly splashed onto his forehead.Xia Xueqi didn’t stop there, and continued her scolding.“Taunting you for Xiao Ran? No, it has nothing to do with Xiao Ran. I just suddenly felt sad because the person I was engaged to is a beast that doesn’t know how to respect and be polite. I also feel stupid because I’m trying to reason with a dog that doesn’t understand human language.”Good!Lethal scolding!This time, even Xiao Ran couldn’t help clapping loudly for Xia Xueqi.The anger and humiliation from being scolded by Su Mingyuan had all been recovered!‘Well done, Chairman Xia!’Xiao Ran cast a sidelong glance in Su Mingyuan’s direction and couldn’t help but laugh in his heart when he saw the undisguised anger on his face.‘Su Mingyuan, what about your arrogance just now?’‘Didn’t you say that you would let President Xia expel me in front of all the staff in the company and make me suffer humiliation and lose face?’‘Why was it that person who had been insulted and couldn’t hold back seems to be you?’At this moment, all the higher-ups of Xuanmei Company lowered their heads and looked like they wanted to laugh but didn’t dare to.The Young master of the Su family and the Young miss of the Xia family were bickering with each other. They didn’t dare to get involved and didn’t even dare to raise their heads. They were afraid that Su Mingyuan would see their faces, and attract his hatred.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comHowever, only one of these people did not smile. Instead, he looked at Xia Xueqi with a serious expression.He was Xia Xueqi’s third uncle and had quite the status in the Xia family.The reason why Xia Xueqi’s company had grown so large was because of the Xia family’s help.As a matter of course, there was a seat for the Xia family.As for this Third Uncle of the Xia Family, not only did he have a great authority in the family, he was also one of the Xia Family members who had approved of the marriage between the Xia Family and the Su Family.So at this moment, he stood up abruptly and criticised Xia Xueqi with dissatisfaction.“Xue Qi, is there anyone who talks to her fiance like that? Why don’t you apologise to Little Su!”Xia Xueqi’s face, which didn’t look very happy at all, turned sour when she heard thisShe didn’t seem like she was willing to apologise to Su Mingyuan.When Third Uncle Xia saw her expression, he was infuriated and continued to oppress her.“What? Xue Qi, you’ve started a big company and earned a lot of money, and now your wings soared so much that you can ignore an elder’s words, not taking me seriously, right?”‘He’s here! He’s here for the classic old-age plot!’At this moment, it was as if the situation had changed. With the help of the Third Uncle of the Xia family, Su Mingyuan found a bit momentum again.“Xue Qi, if you listen to Third Uncle Xia’s words now and obediently apologise to me, then listen to my orders and let this dog-like Xiao Ran leave in front of the entire company. I, Su Mingyuan, can forgive you for saying something wrong.”#pleasereadthischapteratWondernovels.comHe looked at Xia Xueqi with a smile and said that he wanted to forgive her, but there was a wicked smile on his face. He and Third Uncle Xia, who was trying to sell her off, used words to pressure her to submit.He really looked like a villain who had achieved his ambition.Xiao Ran clenched his fists nervously and looked worriedly at Xia Xueqi as he watched the scene before him.‘President Xia…Could she withstand this pressure?’At the same time, Su Mingyuan looked at Xia Xueqi, his eyes filled with anticipation.If he wanted to raise his voice, he would first suppress it. In the classic case, before Gao Chao, he would once again suppress the main character’s side, so that the subsequent Gao Chao reversal would bring a greater sense of joy.‘So, Xia Xueqi, based on the development of the plot, your outburst… should be here, right?’***[ADVANCED CHAPTERS: CLICK HERE]Special thanks to:Verv,sabj00,Somedude,Tennou Kazami,Alex Fallen,Sean N,Carlos morelos,Avarco,light knight,RoyalReaper77,Fastus,Wei Xelphius,I, Your Father,tspic,Aiden Elliott,Sham Knight,Sham Knight,Mervin Chong,Israel negrete,john,Marc Malonzo,Yorume,Louis Jacquet,NOPE YOU DON’T KNOW MY NAME,FondleMyBalls,Bob Oakley, WOWTHATSSOCOOL,UncleTerri,Riot, Pyronis,Will,mick2042, Will,BobTheLost,josh franzen,Johannes Andresen,kirt jean,Vetle Baug, Roo,Joe Donahue,Jack Daniel❤❤❤