The call connected.Xiao Ran answered softly, “Hello, Ruoruo. Why are you calling me at this hour?”On the phone, Xiao Ruoruo’s voice was clear and pleasant, like the sound of nature. “Bro… brother, I’m… calling you because… I have something important… to tell you.”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com‘Why… is she stuttering, and it’s even mixed with a lot of… heavy breathing?’‘It’s like…’A terrible idea had floated in his mind, but he shook his head violently, as he vehemently refused to believe it.How could he ever doubt Ruoruo?‘She’s my dearest sister!’He already had a misunderstanding with Ruoruo this morning, so was still feeling deeply guilty until now.‘Ruoruo had gone undercover together with Su Mingyuan and had basically sacrificed herself for me. For me to even hold suspicion against her, wasn’t that completely inappropriate?’At that moment, Xiao Ran had vowed in his heart that he would never think of this kind of nonsense again. He should always trust his sister, because anything less would be a huge betrayal on his part!So, even though Ruoruo’s current breathing could easily lead people to conclude they were doing lewd things, he immediately dispelled any of those bad thoughts, and asked in concern, “Ruoruo, has anything happened to you? Are you feeling alright?!”What he didn’t notice was Xia Xueqi, who was standing right next to him, had her expression turn cold when she heard Xiao Ruoruo over the phone.Even though Xiao Ran hadn’t turn on the speaker mode during the call, she was close enough to him to be able to hear their conversation.Moreover, after cultivating the Heavenly Creation of Pure Jade Divine Technique, her eyes and ears had been strengthened, so it was only natural for her to be able to hear them perfectly.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comXia Xueqi could not help but clench her left hand into a fist, because just from the way Xiao Ruoruo was breathing, she had already guessed something.Originally, she and Su Xuelan had already agreed to let Ruoruo ‘taste sweetness’.But having heard it directly, she had just realized that the person she likes was the one doing intimate things to women other than her.She suddenly found herself unable to calm down.‘Especially when…’‘…they played so hard!’‘And right in front of her, the fiance…!’But in order to not let Xiao Ran detect any abnormality, she had to hold herself back.Not only that, she had even had to help them out by filling in the potholes in their alibi, all in order for Xiao Ran to not develop any doubts.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comOtherwise, Ruoruo, the supposed undercover agent of Xiao Ran, would lose her most important role!‘This really was…’Xia Xueqi clenched her fist even tighter as her nails began to dig deeply into her skin once more.With Su Xuelan, she was able to calculate everything perfectly, down to how furious her best friend would be when she finally saw the photos she sent and the notes she left.But this time, it was her turn to be in Su Xuelan’s shoes.‘This really feels awful.’Thankfully, Xiao Ran didn’t grow suspicious this time. He was able to sweep it under the rug.It’s just that… after he had expressed his concern for her, Ruoruo’s voice suddenly became even higher.You could hear her say “oops” over the phone as her ‘gasping’ became even heavier instantly, before she quickly tried to control herself before saying, “Bro… brother, just now… I heard a very… important piece of information from Su Mingyuan… I was afraid that he’d… find out that I’m in contact with you, ouch~! S-so, I came out of the mansion running to call… you… before I accidentally tripped over a stone… twice…”Hearing this explanation, Xiao Ran instantly felt relieved.Ruoruo’s body wasn’t as strong as his, and her physique wasn’t anything special compared to ordinary girls, so it was actually quite normal to make such panting sounds if you had just ran.Even during the physical examination test in university, not to mention girls, even the boys would get tired and start to gasp for air during the 1000-meter run test. They’d be even louder.He’s really given Ruoruo a hard time, so much so that she’d tripped over a stone.He hurriedly consoled her, “Ruoruo, you should be more careful in watching your step. Reporting to me is a small matter, but you getting injured will be very distressing for me.”“O…kay, brother…”It seemed that Ruoruo was distracted over something and might have almost tripped again.After that, Ruoruo tried her best to speak as fast as possible, telling him the information she had learned from Su Mingyuan in the shortest possible time.Although there were still some ‘gasps’ in the middle, she really did breeze through it quickly. Xiao Ran listened attentively to the information she conveyed, subconsciously ignoring her misplaced ‘gasping’.Because he had convinced himself that gasping from running wasn’t very important.Moreover, he thought this information was no longer useless because he had already become Xueqi’s partner.But when he thought about Ruoruo needing to run so hard just so that she could pass on this information to him, to the point that she was so tired and out of breath, a warmth surged in his heart.“Bro-brother… I’m afraid that I’ve been out for far too long that Su Mingyuan might start getting suspicious… I’ll go back now, bye.”After Ruoruo finished her report, she hung up the phone without waiting for Xiao Ran to reply.He also understood the situation. He could fully imagine Ruoruo’s nervous appearance as she mustered up the courage to go running just to call him.With such a good little sister who truly cared about him, how could he ever doubt her?His heart felt warm and happy.Standing in stark contrast to the smiling Xiao Ran, Xia Xueqi stood behind him with an icy expression.The only thing she could take comfort in was that Xiao Ran had remained oblivious of the truth of the matter. He’s even showing a laughable joyful exuberance.“When I first saw your sister standing next to Su Mingyuan in the company, I wondered why anyone would tolerate their sister to stay with such trash.”Xia Xueqi had begun her act again, so she started to speak to Xiao Ran.“I never expected that she was your undercover agent.”She folded her arms around her chest and looked at Xiao Ran with a very strange look in her eyes.And when Xiao Ran saw her strange expression, he couldn’t help but be surprised.It goes without saying that he already found this iceberg beauty fascinating, but he found that when she showed shock and awe to the things he’s accomplished, it was even more satisfying.He raised his head proudly and said, “That Su Mingyuan thought that just because he was from a rich family that he could just ignore me. However, I’ve been fooling him this whole time and all his actions have been under my control!”“With Su Mingyuan’s reputation… Don’t you worry about your sister getting assaulted while being there?” XIa Xueqi asked.“Assaulted?! Hahahaha!” Xiao Ran laughed incredulously as if he had heard a big joke.He approached Xia Xueqi with a teasing smile and whispered, “Xueqi, I’ll tell you a secret. Su Mingyuan is actually…”After having endured her disgust of him, after Xia Xueqi had heard this secret, a smile gradually blossomed on her cold beautiful face.“I see, Xiao Ran. If that’s really the case, then he’s really a joke.”“Right? Hahahaha!” Xiao Ran broke into laughter.***