What is she saying?What is she doing?Is this what should have happened reasonably?What exactly is going on!Why did it become like this!Su Mingyuan had been stunned, stupid.Feeling that slender finger like a beautiful carved jade gently sliding and smearing between his lips and teeth.Facing Murong Hongxue’s affectionate and resentful but charming eyes.At this moment, I don’t know why, he suddenly appeared in a mysterious way…‘Lick it.’The moment she made this action, she was completely stunned, and the next moment she recovered, she began to roar to himself in his heart:Ah! Ah! AH!What the hell was I thinking just now!What am I doing!Damn Murong Hongxue, it was clearly me who was flirting with you, but now you are the one who made me stunned and confused?It’s all your fault for messing up my mind, and I’m not sober!Otherwise how could I do this!Su Mingyuan was still making excuses for himself over there.Murong Hongxue laughed softly at this moment.Feeling the warmth suddenly touched by her fingers, the resentment in her eyes suddenly faded, and there was a hint of tenderness and charming aura on her delicate face.“Mr. Knight, if you want so much…”The fingers were pulled away from Su Mingyuan’s lips, and the contaminated liquid fell into her incomparably seductive mouth.While savouring his taste, she showed a more coquettish and seductive smile, wrapped around him like a beautiful snake, and said in his ear, “… It’s not impossible for me to offer a kiss. It’s not impossible for me to offer this humble body to please you. As long as you can make me feel better, Mr. Knight. More opportunities to get to know you, as long as you…”“… let me see your true face first.”Her tone was full of infinite ambiguity and temptation, as if as long as Su Mingyuan nodded lightly, the next moment she would wrap around him passionately and offer a warm kiss.At the same time, the palm she pressed on Su Mingyuan’s chest was slowly moving up, sliding over his neck, his cheek, and touching his prom mask.Her voice and her warm breath were still full of reverie, but her actions and the words she said next made Su Mingyuan’s restless heart instantly fall into the abyss.The fire in his heart that was aroused by Murong Hongxue’s actions was instantly extinguished, and he calmed down immediately, realising that Murong Hongxue must not take off his mask and see through his identity at this time.This white knight’s vest would be used for a long time!How could it be dismantled here!He quickly took a step back, avoided her movements, looked at her seriously and said,“Miss Murong, please be respectful.”Murong Hongxue immediately took a step forward, looking at him with limpid eyes, “Mr. Knight, I just want to get to know you better.”Su Mingyuan retreated again, pushing and rejecting her advance with both hands, “Miss Murong, you have gone too far.”“Is only you, Mr. Knight, allowed to know all my past, strip away all my secrets, and see me clearly, but I am not allowed to take the initiative to understand you? Mr. Knight, it’s you who is too selfish.”Murong Hongxue went a step further and invaded Su Mingyuan’s domain again, which made him panic.“You say I am a light that illuminates your dark world, and that’s how you treat this light?” he asked loudly.“It is precisely because of the deep love that I want to take everything from him as my own.” Murong Hongxue smiled.Su Mingyuan has been forced to the wall, there was no way to retreat for him.And Murong Hongxue had already slammed him into the corner.At this time, in order to turn defeat into victory and reverse the situation, Su Mingyuan decided to do something very bold and very in line with his status as a master.He looked down at Murong Hongxue with a very stern look, as if the elder was scolding the younger, and said to her sharply, “Like is arrogant, but love is restraint. Murong Hongxue, you are too arrogant! I can’t see the slightest respect for me in your eyes! Love deeply? I don’t think you don’t understand what love is!”“Yes, Mr. Knight, you are right. If I fall in love with you deeply because of one of your words, it does sound a little far-fetched.”Murong Hongxue smiled lightly, and gently stroked his cheek with her palm, “But if I say that I didn’t fall in love with you because of this, and that I like you from birth a little bit, then I would undoubtedly be deceiving myself.“Mr. Knight, since you know me so well, then you must know that a humble and twisted person like me, once she falls in love with another person, even if it is only a small love at first, this small flame would soon disappear. Burn into a fire big enough to incernate the whole world to the ground.“You should know, once a person like me falls in love with you, how uncontrollable and unbearable it will be, right? Like is arrogant, but love is restraint, you are right.”“Although I only had a little liking for you at first, because I got the most desired redemption from you, this liking quickly burned into a strong fire these days.“I like you very, very much right now, but It’s not enough… to love you. That’s why I can’t help but want to touch you, get to know you, and turn this strong love into a deep love.”“So Mr. Knight,”Murong Hongxue’s fingers touched the mask on Su Mingyuan’s face again, “Let me get to know you better, and then…let me fall in love with you.”Just as she was trying to lift the mask, Su Mingyuan made a precise attack and grabbed her wrist.“It’s useless, Mr. Knight,” Murong Hongxue’s mouth turned up slightly, “My skill is higher than yours, you can’t stop me.”Su Mingyuan saw that he was about to fall into a mortal situation, and his face was exposed at this moment?No, he hadn’t lost yet.Although he really just wanted to flirt with Murong Hongxue by the way, after all, he was already used to it.Although he really didn’t expect the effect to be so significant, Murong Hongxue was so much more attractive than the previous week!Although he didn’t know it, his made up diary, which recorded many sad words and literary content he deliberately left behind, was indeed seen by the female protagonists as he wished, and made them believe him thoroughly. In only one week, it had played an outstanding role.But he hadn’t failed yet!Reveal my identity?That is impossible!Based on his experience as a white knight negotiating among several female protagonists last week, and based on his understanding of Murong Hongxue, he had already figured out how to deal with it!Using force to try to stop Murong Hongxue’s actions was of course wishful thinking for him who only had one year of skill.But words were swords and words were power!He gently grabbed Murong Hongxue’s hand, not too hard, but looked at her with a look of extreme disappointment and sadness.“Murong Hongxue, you really disappointed me.”Sure enough, Murong Hongxue’s movements stopped.She was a little puzzled and a little nervous, although she was ruthless, majestic and powerful.But she was always that humble and twisted child in her heart, she longed for recognition, and she never wanted to see her pure white light show her such disappointed eyes.“To understand a person, you don’t need to look at his appearance, but to listen to his heart. The reason why I wear a mask is in hope that others can ignore my appearance and pay more attention to me. Stay in heart-to-heart communication.”“I thought that such a simple and profound truth should have been understood by you who have experienced such difficulties. I didn’t expect that you are still obsessed with the appearance of the skin, and the appearance under my mask, insisting on uncovering my mask.”“Murong Hongxue, you really disappointed me!”Su Mingyuan’s words rang out in Murong Hongxue’s ears like thunder, and the movements of her hands suddenly stopped, and her heart seemed to be greatly shaken.Su Mingyuan was instantly overjoyed.His words worked.Heh, he knew that with his understanding of Murong Hongxue, wouldn’t it be easy to handle her?“Mr. Knight, you’re right, it’s my fault.”Murong Hongxue took the initiative to admit the mistake, and no longer insisted on removing his mask. The slender jade hand slipped from his cheek and gently pressed against his heart.Then she stretched out another hand, grabbed Su Mingyuan’s wrist, and pressed his hand to her heart.At the beginning, it was extremely delicate and soft, and Su Mingyuan was shocked.“Murong Hongxue, you are…”“Call me Hongxue.” She interrupted him immediately, and then gave him a charming smile.“Mr. Knight, no, it’s my knight. You’re right just now. The interaction between people should not be attached to the external appearance, but should focus on the communication between hearts. So…”“Let’s get started now!”Looking at her charming smile, a strange premonition that the situation was gradually getting out of control and might develop in an outrageous direction appeared in Su Mingyuan’s mind.Her softness and fullness were in his hands, and he could rub and flatten them at will, as if her whole body was being held in his hands.At the same time, her heart was also close to his palm. He could sense the speed of her heartbeat, the temperature of her body, the tension of her muscles, and ven the speed of her blood circulation.It was as if her heart was completely unobstructed in front of him, and she was peeped at an unobstructed view.A strange sense of conflict caused Su Mingyuan to be caught in the fragile fringes between good and bad, and Murong Hongxue’s first sentence made his scalp numb.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Then… as the beginning of mutual communication, the first question, knight, do you like me?”Facing Murong Hongxue’s fatal question as soon as she came up, facing her eyes full of expectation and affection.At this moment, Su Mingyuan froze.How would he answer this?How should he answer? !What was even worse was that, before he needed to answer, his body and his reaction had already given him the answer to Murong Hongxue at this moment.Murong Hongxue felt silent for a while, then slowly raised her head and looked at him.