The moment Su Xuelan and Xiao Ruoruo walked out of the office and was out of Su Mingyuan’s sight,the gentle expression on Su Xuelan’s face suddenly turned into coldness. But Xiao Ruoruo kept her pitiful appearance and didn’t notice anything different.In a secluded area, Su Xuelan and Xiao Ruoruo stood face to face.At this moment, both of them had their own inner guesses.“Su… President Su’s sister, what’s the matter with calling me out?” Xiao Ruoruo asked timidly.Seeing that she still feigned a nervous demeanor, Su Xuelan felt an inexplicable heat emerge in her heart.She knitted her brows, suppressed the anger in her heart, sighed, and said,“Xiao Ruoruo, I really didn’t expect that after so many years, you are still…so naive! Why didn’t you follow the original script today?”“Sister, what are you talking about, I… I don’t understand.” Xiao Ruoruo’s eyes widened innocently.“Xiao Ruoruo, don’t pretend, you’re a born-again, right? Otherwise why would you be willing to stay and be Mingyuan’s intern secretary? ”Su Xuelan didn’t want to make any twists and turns, and had a straight showdown with her.After being exposed like this, Xiao Ruoruo couldn’t continue to pretend, so she smiled shyly.“Big sister Lan, I…… I just saw him again and was a little excited…“Are you sure you’re excited?” Su Xuelan sneered and looked at Xiao Ruoruo, as if she could see through all her thoughts.Xiao Ruoruo was silent for a moment.“Ruoruo, how do you want me to greet you? Do you know that you almost killed Mingyuan! Yes, I know, after you see Mingyuan, you can’t help but want to stay by his side, after all, he once saved you. But have you ever thought about what’s going on with Mingyuan?“He is oppressed by the hateful overlord and has to play the villain according to the plot of the novel, but you destroyed his appearance in the first act as soon as you show up, do you think about the dangerous consequences this will bring to him!”“Mingyuan was forced and in every plot he was supposed to appear in, he had to complete his role according to the villain’s character, or he would die.”“But you made his first performance so imperfect that what if the plot that should have appeared in the future was lost because of your nonsense? Will Ming yuan be able to bear the torture of the overlord? Have you ever thought about any of this! ”The more Su Xuelan said, the more angry she became. Although Xiao Ruoruo had her own careful thoughts, she was also a pure and kind child in general, so it was so easy to empathise with Su Mingyuan’s experience.But she was not smart enough, or not wise enough, so that when she did one thing, she couldn’t think far enough.In Su Xuelan’s view, Xiao Ruoruo’s reckless behavior almost killed Su Mingyuan.How could she not be angry?She owed Mingyuan too much in her previous life, and even watched him die under Xiao Ran’s schemes..Although she was influenced by the overlord, she still could not forgive herself at that time.When she returned from her past life, she had to protect Mingyuan well and never let him suffer any more harm.It was no wonder that she was so angry at Xiao Ruoruo at this moment.“I’m sorry, Big sister Lan, I… I didn’t think about it that much.”After listening to Su Xuelan’s words, Xiao Ruoruo also knew what a huge mistake she had made, so she obediently admitted her mistake.– “But Big sister Lan, since you know that the plot can’t be changed, why do you want to replace Su Mingyuan’s bodyguard?”Xiao Ruoruo, who remembered each of Su Mingyuan’s diaries knew that one of the two bodyguards would become Xiao Ran’s undercover agent, as a matter of fact did Sister Lan want to change the plot?“Of course I knew that Li Cheng would become Xiao Ran’s undercover agent according to the plot, so I handed it over to one of Ming Yuan’s bodyguards, and then under my instigation, he would pretend to be Xiao Ran’s undercover agent at my behest to ensure that the plot of the story about Mingyuan would not change later.”“I don’t want to see anyone really betray Mingyuan, so I want Xiao Ran’s undercover to become my person and control the progress of the plot in my hands. That’s where I differ from you, I do things with consequences in mind and think more deeply. ”“And… if everything goes according to the plot, do you want Mingyuan to die according to the ending of the story?”“Big sister Lan, I… I kind of don’t understand.”Hearing this, Xiao Ruoruo was a little confused. Big sister Lan was indeed a woman who could fight against her brother and kill him. She was much smarter than her, but if she couldn’t destroy the plot, Su Mingyuan would die again.What should she do with this!She looked up, hoping that Su Xuelan, who was full of wisdom, could give her an answer.Afraid of Xiao Ruoruo to ruin things, Su Xuelan had to explain to her patiently.“Ruoruo, the plot that we can’t destroy refers to the plot related to Mingyuan and his appearance in the novel, because this is a task that he must complete under the pressure of the overlord, otherwise he will die. But this does not mean that those who have nothing to do with Mingyuan, that is us, cannot interfere with the plot of Xiao Ran’s story. ”“Mingyuan is different from us, perhaps because he was just a visitor from another world, so he was targeted by the overlord, and he would die if he did not play the villain. But we are different, probably because we are native beings, we will not suffer from the threat of death from the overlord. Have you forgotten that no matter how we targeted Xiao Ran in our past lives, we are all right now? ”“So, what we have to do is to ensure that all the plots related to Mingyuan that he should appear can be generally maintained.On the other hand, we must target Xiao Ran, cut his wings, weaken his strength, and completely kill Xiao Ran before Mingyuan’s playing mission reaches the time of his death! ”“When the protagonist dies, the script naturally cannot go on, and this death has nothing to do with Mingyuan, and there is no reason for the overlord to force Mingyuan to continue to play the villain, right?”“At that time, Mingyuan can put down his mask and truly usher in happiness.”Su Xuelan breathed a long sigh of relief, depicting her final plan.Although, it would definitely be a hard and difficult battle to kill Xiao Ran, but for Mingyuan, she must win the victory.She recalled that in her previous life, in order to kill Xiao Ran, the power and strength of the female protagonist in these novels were even greater than Xiao Ran himself.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comBut no matter how sophisticated they made plans and how they targeted him, Xiao Ran, who was blessed by Heaven’s way qi luck body, always had inexplicable good luck to help him, and he always became stronger after the crisis.It was a very tough fight, but luckily they won.Su Xuelan seemed to have foreseen that this time when she targeted Xiao Ran, there would definitely be all kinds of inexplicable good luck at that time, and the noble people from heaven would help him.But since she had won once in her previous life and successfully killed him, she would not lose again this time.“So, Ruoruo, do you understand, we have a way to save Mingyuan. Because of him we sobered up and owed him too much and this time, it is our turn to change the fate of Mingyuan’s death. ”“Then… Big sister Lan, what should I do?” Xiao Ruoruo asked.“Of course, according to the development of the plot, leave Mingyuan’s side, return to your school, and wait until the next plot you should appear in. Ruoruo, for Mingyuan, we must not try to make any changes in the plot related to him. ” Su Xuelan said sternly.After listening to her words, Ruoruo should obediently leave Mingyuan, right?She was so kind, she certainly did not want Mingyuan to be in any possible danger.In all fairness, Su Xuelan did consider this for the safety of Su Mingyuan’s life.But it was undeniable that she also had a slight selfishness about this plan.If all the stories and plots related to Mingyuan were performed according to the script in the novel…#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comIn the plot of the novel, all the female protagonists extremely loathed Mingyuan, after all, how could the female protagonists have a good impression of the villain?As long as they conflicted with Mingyuan according to the plot of the novel and showed disgust towards him, how could Mingyuan like them?Since she and Ruoruo were both reborn, there was no guarantee that the other female protagonists would not…Su Xuelan knew that it was actually very wrong of her to do so, as a sister, she should sincerely hope that her brother could get happiness, and when she found that there were excellent and beautiful women who would fall in love with him, she should be even more happy about it.But…but…When she thought that Mingyuan would marry other women in the future, she felt inexplicably uncomfortable…And later she also learned a secret about her own life.Just like the relationship between Xiao Ruoruo and Xiao Ran.She was not Su Mingyuan’s biological sister either…….[ADVANCED CHAPTERS:CLICK HERE]