It had to be said that although Su Mingyuan had not completely changed his mind at that time, he had quite the demeanour of the scumbag in terms of behaviour and operation.The next day, the sun was shining brightly.Su Mingyuan didn’t really want to get up.How pleasant the date with Xia Xueqi was last night.Oh, I don’t want to work overtime.But, Su Mingyuan was never a person who was afraid of trouble in the face of difficulties.He just adjusted his mood a little, and jumped up from the bed.After breakfast, he just got a piece of good news from Su Li.Yesterday afternoon, Li Cheng was sent to the hospital to visit his mother, and he really got in touch with Xiao Ran.Very good!Such good news came early in the morning, and Su Mingyuan’s mood was instantly cheered up.He immediately called Li Cheng to study room alone.“Master, are you looking for me… is there something?”Li Cheng was very respectful, and asked with some apprehension.At that moment, being summoned by Su Mingyuan to the study room and facing him alone, Li Cheng recalled his ghostly fascination yesterday. He almost lost his conscience, and chose to betray him under Xiao Ran’s enticement, and then he recalled the young master in his usual days. The kindness given by him…Although he had deeply realised his mistakes under the lesson of the eldest lady, and decided to accept the arduous task of becoming a double spy in order to make up for his guilt.As soon as Su Mingyuan saw his dodging eyes, he knew-Doesn’t Li Cheng’s guilty conscience mean that he has become Xiao Ran’s undercover agent?Very good!Great!Su Mingyuan was in a good mood and said to him, “Li Cheng, you have been by my side as a bodyguard for several years, haven’t you? You have always been diligent, loyal and dedicated. I admire talents like you very much. So… I decided to promote you, be my confidant!”He walked over to Li Cheng, patted his shoulder, and said earnestly, “After I find a new bodyguard to replace you, you can come to me and learn to do things with Su Li first. After that, I still have many important tasks to give you, so don’t let me be disappointed.”At that time, Li Cheng was extremely moved. He was excited, and extremely ashamed. A 1.9-meter tall man had reddened eyes, trembling body, and he couldn’t even speak.The young master is so kind to me, and he has promoted me to be his confidant, but I actually had the desire to betray him yesterday…I’m really not a human, I’m really a beast!“Master, don’t worry!”Li Cheng raised his head abruptly, looked at him very firmly and sincerely, and said, “I will study hard with Master Su Li and improve my ability to do things. In the future, I will do my best to live up to everything you ask me to do!”Live up to my trust?Is it because of Xiao Ran’s entrustment, every time I let him do bad things for me, right?Su Mingyuan almost laughed.Very good, Li Cheng, it seems that you are very talented as an undercover agent. You have adapted to the role in such a short time, and you can pretend to be extremely loyal to me. I almost believed it when I saw it.Su Mingyuan was completely relieved at this time, and let Li Cheng go down and stand by first. After finding a new bodyguard to replace his current position, he could be promoted to become his another dog.By the way, if Li Cheng becomes Xiao Ran’s undercover agent, Ruoruo would definitely know the news soon. At that time, he could just monitor to see if there was any secret communication between the two.In the face of undercover companions, Ruoruo would definitely not hide anything.At that time, it was clear at a glance whether she had been too deeply involved in the play during this time and couldn’t help but fall in love with him!Thinking of this, Su Mingyuan smiled proudly.Hehehe, everything is under my control.But soon, he pulled down his face with a bitter look, put on a white knight suit, left a note for Ruoruo, and sneaked out of the villa in a flash.How cool it was before, how hard he had to work overtime now.Now, it was time for the white knight to come out to remedy the plot!After a while, Ruoruo found that Su Mingyuan had not been seen for a long time , and after searching in the villa for a long time, she found the note he left in the study room.“This elder brother Mingyuan, sneaked away as a white knight again!”After seeing the message left above, Ruoruo pouted her mouth unhappily, pinched the note, and felt a little sullen.Not only because of the whole day today, but also because of the possibility of not seeing the figure of Mingyuan.More importantly, brother Mingyuan, if you want to go out for a stroll, don’t forget the agreement you made with me before!Didn’t we make it a point that you have to give me two kisses every time you leave the house?Ruoruo looked at the sunlight outside the window and the sparrows singing on the branches, and suddenly felt that the sun was not bright at all, and the sparrows were not melodious at all.