“White Jade Heart Warming Lotus Seed Vase, three million, sold!”…“Rosewood Landscape Cabinet, two million, sold!”…“Red coral gemstone bonsai with a gold base, five million, sold!”…One by one, they were auctioned off like a stream of water, and soon came to the piece that both Su Mingyuan and Xiao Ran valued the most.“The next item to be presented is from Mr. Zhao Liteng. It is said to be a treasure from his family. This is a mysterious ancient jade in the shape of a snake. It is difficult for even experts to judge its origin and quality, but it is mysterious. I think everyone who came to visit just now should have some experience.”“The starting price of this is: one million!”As soon as the auctioneer finished speaking, Su Mingyuan asked Li Cheng, the bodyguard behind him, to help him hold up a sign,“Ten million.”A leisure voice immediately shocked the audience. No one expected that at the beginning of the auction, someone would raise the price to ten times the starting price!Everyone looked in the direction from which the voice came, and saw Su Mingyuan, the eldest young master of the Su family, elegantly picking up the teacup and taking a light sip of tea without even caring about everyone’s gaze.After he slowly put down the teacup, he raised his head ever so slightly, with an indescribable contempt in his tone.“What I said before the auction, the friends in the audience should have heard it? I, Su Mingyuan, is bound to win this ancient jade. Those who are sensible should not put up a sign so that I can take this ancient jade without too much effort. Come on, but if someone wants to steal food from the tiger’s mouth and doesn’t give me, Su Mingyuan, face. Hehe, don’t blame me for not giving him a face in the future!”The audience was silent, as if shocked by Su Mingyuan’s threat.And Xiao Ran was under the stage, clenching his fists. The flames in his eyes burned even more intensely.He was ignored again!Su Mingyuan seemed to be certain that he would not dare to compete with him, so he didn’t even bother to look at him!“Ten million, once.”At this moment, seeing that there were no more bids in the audience for a long time, the auctioneer started to call.After three shouts, this mysterious snake-shaped ancient jade completely belonged to Su Mingyuan.In fact, there were many rich people present who visited the auction for this mysterious ancient jade, and they had the idea of buying it.But Su Mingyuan took the lead as soon as it came on the stage. First, he threw a price of 10 million to show that he was bound to win, and then he made a threat like a soft knife cutting through butter.So much so that although many people had some slight intention to step in a little, they really dared not make a move.In the event that the auction still failed in the end, and instead offended the eldest young master of the Su family, wouldn’t the gain outweigh the gain?Except for Xiao Ran.As soon as he entered the arena, he was provoked by Su Mingyuan and scolded as a wild dog, so his anger successfully overwhelmed his reason.Although he calmed down a little after the bidding time for the previous auctions, he still did not intend to apologise to Su Mingyuan here.Su Mingyuan’s ignoring and contemptuous attitude aroused his rebellious psychology.Apologise? I will just do it next time.Before that, he must slap Su Mingyuan in the face once, otherwise he would not be able to live in peace.I can’t bear it, no need to bear it anymore!“Ten million, the second time.”At this moment, the auctioneer’s voice sounded again.At this moment, in the dead silence of the audience, when everyone shrank their heads like a quail under the threat of Su Mingyuan, he stood up resolutely, raised his sign, and shouted loudly, “Fifteen million!”Whoa!There was a commotion in the audience at this moment. No one thought that at this last moment, when Su Mingyuan was about to take down the mysterious ancient jade, someone would dare to stand up and oppose him!At this moment, Su Mingyuan’s secretly clenched fist finally loosened.When the auctioneer called for the first time just now, he thought Xiao Ran was about to stand up, but he didn’t.At that time, he was very nervous, and he couldn’t help but want to stand up and speak to provoke Xiao Ran.Fortunately, when the auctioneer called for the second time, Xiao Ran finally did not disappoint him and stood up with his head held high.It is good!Nice job!That’s how it should be, that’s to have such an indomitable spirit!Xiao Ran, Dad applauds you in my heart!Now that you have successfully displayed such a spirit, my acting skills will naturally not fall!Su Mingyuan lowered his head slightly, looked down at Xiao Ran, who stood out from the crowd, with a hint of gloom in his eyes unconsciously.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Oh, Xiao Ran, you wild dog wants to snatch something from me?”The contempt at the corner of his mouth widened, and he looked at Xiao Ran with disdain as if he were looking at insects.“Do you know what that is? Do you know the true value of that piece of jade? Such a precious ancient jade, only I, Su Mingyuan, is worthy of possession and qualified to play with.“And you, like a wild dog, have the extravagant hope; you a toad that wants to eat swan? I think you are only worthy of a gnawed bone for company!”At this moment, his ugly face was revealed.In order to please Su Mingyuan, some people in the crowd even laughed softly at this moment. They pierced like secret arrows in his heart.And when the continuous sarcastic laughter and Su Mingyuan’s vicious words sounded together, it was as if a violent storm suddenly broke out on the field.However, he held his chest up, his back was straight, and he looked at Su Mingyuan without fear. The sneering and gossip outside seemed like a breeze to him, not even worth mentioning.At this moment, the audience’s eyes are focused on him and Su Mingyuan. He must be here and successfully step on Su Mingyuan’s face under his feet!In fact, at this time, if he could calm down and think about it, he would know how reckless and stupid his move was.Slap Su Mingyuan in the face first, and then find a chance to apologise?There was no such thing in the world!***