Although the sound quality was somewhat inferior, it was still difficult to hide its beauty.“Mengning, it’s time to eat. What’s the matter with you these past few days, why are you holding on to your cell phone?” Liu Xi shook her hand in front of her and asked with some doubts.Liu Mengning put down her phone, smiled at her, and said, “Because I thought everything was predetermined by fate, but I just happened to be lucky enough to be favoured by God’s mercy and have the opportunity to turn the fate into the one I hoped for.”“But just in the past few days, I suddenly discovered a very interesting thing. Maybe I am not the only one lucky enough to be favoured by God.”The smile on Liu Mengning’s face slowly expanded, showing a charming expression.Her smile was very beautiful, and the gently curved corners of her mouth seemed to have a captivating charm, capable of inviting anyone’s feelings. Even if she was a woman, Liu Xi was slightly stunned.“You, you, you always say things like this with ambiguous meaning. No matter what interesting things you find out, eat first, and then talk about it after eating.” Liu Xi pulled Liu Mengning to change clothes like an old mother.However, after Liu Mengning changed her clothes, she was a little surprised.“Let’s just go to the hotel restaurant for dinner, you don’t have to dress up… so pretty?”“Sister Xi, who said I’m going to the restaurant for dinner.” Liu Mengning trimmed her hair and put on her sunglasses while taking care of the bow on her chest and the suspenders behind her.“Let’s go to the amusement park!”She waved her hands, and the lazy and elegant temperament around her had disappeared at this moment. She said excitedly to Liu Xi like a little girl who was about to rush into the amusement park.“You… Amusement park? Are you okay? Going to the amusement park so late, let’s not say whether it is open at night, what are you gonna do ?”“Because I suddenly want to ride the roller coaster, so I’m going to the amusement park,”Liu Mengning nodded and said.Liu Xi’s head was covered with black lines, so she helplessly massaged her forehead, took out her mobile phone and started to inquire.She was accustomed to Liu Mengning’s way of doing things.Just like she didn’t care about her identity as the eldest Miss Liu family and chose to be an actress.Although the protection and assistance of the Liu family were indispensable, she could become a top-tier actress in Hua Guochao today, with sky-high remuneration and high popularity and appeal, which was inseparable from her own efforts and acting strength.This girl, what can I say…Sometimes she’s very worry-free, never letting her get in trouble for big things.But many times, in small matters, she is very willful, which makes me feel helpless, and she feels like a child who has not grown up.But if she really didn’t grow up, how did she interpret those characters with completely different life experiences, personalities and habits on the screen, and interpret them so vividly, as if they really had such personal existence.“If you want to go to the amusement park, you must be careful not to be discovered by those paparazzi. Not only sunglasses, but also wear masks and hat. I checked, and there are only a few amusement parks open at night in Ming City. Let’s try to choose one with less traffic, better security measures, and one that is closer to us…”“Alright, alright, Sister Xi, don’t babble, I’ve already found which amusement park to go to.”Liu Mengning put her hand on the chattering Liu Xi’s shoulder.“Huh? Have you found it?” Liu Xi was slightly taken aback.“Yeah, so don’t worry about it, the venue is already packed, then I’ll go first, goodbye.”Liu Mengning pinched Liu Xi’s cheek mischievously, then walked briskly to the entrance and opened the door.“Wait, Mengning, won’t you let me go with you?”Liu Mengning turned around, put her fingers on her lips, winked at her playfully, and smiled slightly, revealing an amazing charm that even women could be fascinated by.“Dating is such a thing, sister Xi, you should stop being a light bulb, right?”Liu Xi was stunned again.When she came back to her senses, Liu Mengning had already closed the door and disappeared.At that time, she suddenly thought that Liu Mengning had dressed herself up seriously just now, and thought that what she said about the amusement park had been reserved, and she was going on a date or something…Is it…“Mengning, what’s the matter? Who are you going to date! I don’t remember seeing you in contact with any other man during this period of time! And even if… whoever you like, you have to let me see him first. I’ll check and see the other person’s character!”Liu Xi was dazed, confused, and a little anxious in her heart, so she hurriedly called Liu Mengning.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comThe phone was hung up, and after a while, a text message came.[Sister Xi, someone is already sneaking away and trying to take away my cherished baby in advance, I can’t let them succeed. But don’t worry, as long as I, Liu Mengning, want to do something and get something, there is no chance for failure!][I am going to play with them first. Oh yes, I almost forgot, Sister Xi, you are also my most cherished baby]This girl…Liu Xi put down the phone, not knowing whether to be angry or to laugh.***