At this moment.In a private room.Su Xuelan and Murong Hongxue watched the farce outside calmly.Even though Xiao Ran had already made his move, he was about to slap Su Mingyuan in the face.They were still sitting quietly in this luxurious room, as if they were not worried about what would happen next.“Hongxue, aren’t you curious why I’m not going to stop Xiao Ran’s people from appearing in front of you?” Su Xuelan suddenly asked.Murong Hongxue wore a bright red dress and red lipstick, revealing a faint smile.Her face was very beautiful. She was the kind of peerless bewitching beauty that could seduce the soul with just a glance.That body was filled with the mature allure of a royal sister. Coupled with her charming face, which was as charming as a goddess, every frown and smile was filled with a myriad of charms.But no one dared to show a trace of obsession and greed in front of this face and figure.Murong Hongxue was beautiful and bewitching, but her actions made all the people who had heard her name not dare to covet her at the moment they saw her. Instead, they would tread on thin ice carefully, afraid to anger her.Because she had an even more vicious heart, an even more ruthless and ruthless plan.Her title of underworld queen was not spread by virtue of her beauty. It was the numerous corpses of countless people that created her current status.There were even rumours that the color on her lips wasn’t lipstick.It was blood.This was a real Beauty that shouldn’t be touched.Facing Su Xuelan’s question, Murong Hongxue smiled and said, “Because I know you think the same as me.”“To make a person feel uncomfortable and painful, we don’t want to push him off the track before he steps onto the road of success. But when he was about to reach the finish line or even cross the finish line.”“Kick him back!”In Xiao Ran’s previous life, he had used the face of Su Mingyuan to put on quite a bit of pressure. Every time Su Mingyuan’s arrogance reached its peak, it would be the moment when he would immediately show up and beat Su Mingyuan to the ground.Now, Su Xuelan and Murong Hongxue were obviously planning to do the same.At the moment when Xiao Ran was on the verge of success.It was also the best time to hit him and make his face swell.In his previous life, Xiao Ran had pretended to be in front of Su Mingyuan. In this life, they would use the same method to slap his face!Hearing Murong Hongxue’s reply, Su Xuelan smiled, “Yes, that’s right. Hongxue, you really are my good sister.”Murong Hongxue only smiled and did not answer.………………In the reception hall.Xiao Ran and Su Mingyuan’s position had undoubtedly become the centre of attention.The stage had been set up and the spotlight had been turned towards him. They were just waiting for a perfect performance.Su Mingyuan looked at the gazes of the people around him. He looked at Xiao Ran’s righteous expression and let out a silent laugh.Sure enough, after eliminating all the interference, nothing went wrong with this performance until now!Whether it was the performance of the onlookers or Xiao Ran’s outstanding performance, even the waitress Li Shuang did not disappoint him at all!It seemed like Xiao Ran’s second slap to his face was about to succeed.If the second time was successful, would the third time be far away?‘As long as I cooperate with Xiao Ran, I will not make any mistakes and finish the following plot.’‘A perfect evaluation, wouldn’t that really mean that it would be easy to get?’“Xiao Ran, you dare to stop me?” Su Mingyuan’s eyes were filled with anger. He reached out to grab Li Shuang, who was hiding behind Xiao Ran. “Since this girl has spoiled my clothes and can’t afford to pay for it, then it’s only natural that she’ll sleep with me for the night!”“Of course?”Pa!Xiao Ran sent his arm flying again.‘It has to be said that this scoundrel really doesn’t know how to act. It hurt me a lot.’‘You brat, do you know who looked like an old father in the past week, cleaning your ass everywhere to help you close the loopholes in the plot? I was even slapped by you as a villain in order to set off your prestige.’Su Mingyuan clutched his arm in pain as he looked at Xiao Ran with resentment.Actually, Xiao Ran’s slap wasn’t heavy. After all, there were so many people watching him. He didn’t even use his Radiant Jade true Qi. However, Su Mingyuan still felt a burning pain in his arm.On the field, Xiao Ran’s face-smacking continued.“Su Mingyuan, it’s just dirtying your clothes. Do you want someone else to use chastity to compensate you? Do you think your clothes are some kind of precious thing!”“What kind of precious thing? How many women’s first nights are only worth tens of thousands of dollars, and my custom-made suit is worth at least 400,000 dollars. Her chastity is more expensive than my clothes?” Su Mingyuan said disdainfully, “I’ve already given her a face by letting her spend the night with me!”“You know how to change your mind here. If your clothes are dirty, you can’t wash them clean before wearing them, right? I should compensate you with 400,000, right?” Xiao Ran sneered, “Su Mingyuan, judging from your shameless and skilled appearance, did you use this move to force many women to accompany you to bed?”“She’s a lowly commoner. Does she know how to wash my high-end custom-made suit?” his wasn’t something that could be washed by hand or washing machine. Wouldn’t it be completely worthless if she washed my clothes? I still have to pay!” Su Mingyuan forcefully argued.At that moment, Ye Chen stood up and said with a smile, “You don’t have to worry about it, Young Master Su. She doesn’t know how to clean this high-end suit of yours. It just so happens that I have a lot of servants at home. They know how to clean it. Even if it’s washed badly, I’ll compensate you with one.”The people present were afraid of Su Mingyuan’s background. He was not afraid.He liked good cars, and he also liked racing. However, Su Mingyuan had a Rolls Royce that was unique in the world. The Wind God suppressed him.He had been assigned to one of the four dandy titles in Ming Jing. Even so, the title of dandy was Su Mingyuan’s!Not to mention that they had a grudge against each other.He had long disliked Su Mingyuan.Now that he had the chance to slap Su Mingyuan in the face, how could he let it go?At this moment, Xiao Ran’s words and Ye Chen’s words had completely blocked the excuse to find Li Shuang’s trouble. Su Mingyuan could no longer ride a tiger.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comAt this time, Xiao Ran still refused to give up, and wanted to continue to pursue him, to completely stink up his reputation.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Ye Chen, weren’t you just curious about what I said earlier that made Su Mingyuan’s face look so ugly, and I said I would tell you when I had the chance?”“Now is the chance to tell you.”“Everyone, everyone!” He shouted loudly to attract the attention of the whole audience, and turned around to reveal a grateful Li Shuang smiling after being saved, “Sorry, the reason why Su Mingyuan was so angry at you just now to target you is actually because he took out the anger I just provoked at you.”“As for why he would be angered by my words, well ……”Facing the puzzled and curious eyes of everyone present, Xiao Ran happily enjoyed the feeling of being noticed by the whole audience and opened his mouth, saying, “Just because I just told this narrow-minded young man Su in front of him that I, as his fiancée’s male companion, attended a dinner party with her fiancée the other day.”“His face instantly got ugly, thinking that something happened between me and his fiancée, and as to whether something happened or not, what do you all think?”Looking at Su Mingyuan’s ironic face at this moment, Xiao Ran suddenly laughed freely.Then it was Ye Chen, it was the other onlookers, also at this time followed together and laughed loudly.Surrounded in the centre, Su Mingyuan at this moment looked like a clown invited for people to laugh.“It’s really funny, at night, I didn’t expect a clown who thinks he’s a hero of justice to come out here and bully my brother.”Outside the door suddenly came two women.One was with a smile on her face, gentle and dignified Su Xuelan, the Su family’s first lady.One, was Murong Hongxue who had a light smile on the corners of her mouth with her hands clasped over her chest and an expression of watching a good show.The laughter that was rising and falling in the reception hall suddenly stopped.Seeing the two women who appeared at the door, Su Mingyuan suddenly turned pale, his legs couldn’t help but shake, and he almost stumbled and fell to the ground.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comLuckily, the two bodyguards standing behind him hurriedly held him up.“Young master Su, are you all right?” Bodyguard Zhao Shan asked with concern.“No …… it’s fine.” Su Mingyuan barely pulled out a smile, “It’s just that I’m a little, a little …… too happy to see my sister appear here, huh ……”***