Sponsored chapter, thank you very much tomyamywa!He should be fine.‘Wasn’t it just a slight change in his personality? ‘‘That won’t affect anything, right?’‘The way I mocked Xia Xueqi just now didn’t lose the villain essence, right?’‘It definitely wouldn’t cause any damage to the plot, right?’‘Right!’Su Mingyuan kept comforting himself to stop the panic from spreading in his heart.Xia Xueqi saw his flustered expression and found it interesting. She couldn’t help secretly taking a picture of it with her phone.“Mingyuan, perhaps I didn’t have much contact with you in the past, but today, I realised that you’re a little different from what I’ve known.”Looking at the cold sweat on Su Mingyuan’s forehead, she couldn’t help but cover her mouth and laugh. “I’ll secretly tell you a secret. Mingyuan, just now, your evaluation in my heart rose from a good-for-nothing to a slightly higher level.”Su Mingyuan never thought that Xia Xueqi would say such words when he heard her playful tone.‘What happened to Xia Xueqi? Could she be…’“However, I still have to remind you that you mustn’t be as sentimental as I said just now. It’s just a step up. That doesn’t mean that I think too highly of you, understand?”Su Mingyuan let out a long sigh of relief when he heard Xia Xueqi’s cold tone. He was glad that the familiar feeling had returned.‘This hateful and evil woman is truly terrifying!’‘There is always an illusion that she has completely grasped his emotions…’‘She is the one who had been forced by the Xia family to do something she was unwilling to do. Dating me should have been something that made her extremely disgusted and uncomfortable, but why does it seem like the situation is completely under her control?’‘And I… being at a complete disadvantage?’At that moment, Xia Xueqi pulled his hand and placed it on her waist. The two of them moved from shoulder to shoulder to embrace each other.When he placed his hand on her slender waist, Su Mingyuan felt that her body was trembling with nervousness.This instantly cleared Su Mingyuan of his earlier panic. Yes, no matter how he looked at it, Xia Xueqi was the one who was forced to do what she was unwilling to do.‘The reason why she constantly used words and actions to shock me, upset my mind, and made me panic was to create a situation that was completely under her control.’This way, it would make her feel better, compelling her to look less embarrassed. It was as if I was under her control, and I was the one who was forced to do things that I was unwilling to do.‘However, this is not the truth!’At this moment, Xia Xueqi’s small reaction jolted Su Mingyuan awake and he came to a sudden realisation.He woke up completely and grasped the essence of the matter.No matter how much disadvantage Xia Xueqi had, her aura was overwhelming.The truth was that she was doing something that made her feel very uncomfortable but she had no choice but to do it. She didn’t really have the upper hand. She had always been suppressed by him.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Mingyuan, it’s best if you don’t move your hand. Otherwise, don’t blame me for being rude.”Xia Xueqi spoke of threats that were useless to Su Mingyuan.‘Looking at her nervous reaction, and being hugged by a person like me who she hated so much, her heart must be drowned in disgust, right?’‘Hahahaha, what are you pretending for!’‘Just now, she looked like she was completely suppressing my arrogance. Now, do you know how uncomfortable it is?’“Alright, alright, Xueqi, don’t worry. Of course I won’t move.”Su Mingyuan agreed well. This was the first time Xueqi had called him such an intimate name. However, he tightened his grip and pulled Xia Xueqi into his embrace.‘System, this was when Xia Xueqi took the initiative to hold my hand and let me hold her. I only used a little more force. This can not be taken away from me!’The system didn’t send out a notification. As expected, it didn’t buckle.At this moment, her aura appeared refreshing and charming.Xia Xueqi’s plumpness, which was about to burst open, hit Su Mingyuan’s chest, giving him an incomparably beautiful feeling.When the beauty’s delicate body entered his embrace, Su Mingyuan instantly smelled a faint fragrance from her body.Xueqi’s body was so soft and tender, as if he wouldn’t get tired of exploring and playing with it carefully. This fragrance was also so alluring, intoxicating, and could not help but confuse people.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comAt this moment, Su Mingyuan finally understood what it meant to be a hero and getting charmed by the beauty.If it weren’t for all sorts of reasons, he would have wished he could bring this bad woman who had repeatedly attacked him to get justice and make her cry and beg for mercy.Xia Xueqi lifted her head from his embrace. Her hair was a bit messy and her face was dyed in an intoxicating blush. She looked incredibly alluring.She glared at him hatefully, but this gaze matched her current expression. In his eyes, it was filled with a charm.“Hahaha, Xueqi, I just slipped. You won’t blame me, right?” He smiled perfunctorily, but his heart was filled with extreme satisfication.Especially when he thought of how uncomfortable and sullen Xia Xueqi was.He was so happy that he almost flew into the air!Xia Xueqi bit her lips in annoyance but Su Mingyuan felt a seductive charm when she did this.Her temperament was cold, but her body was as charming as a ripe peach.At this moment, Su Mingyuan hugged this alluring body and looked at the embarrassed expression on her face after the iceberg around her was broken. He then imagined how unwilling and aggrieved she was in her heart, and Su Mingyuan felt extremely excited!“Mingyuan, looks like your memory isn’t good…” Xia Xueqi pinched Su Mingyuan’s waist with one of her hands and slowly twisted it. “Have you forgotten the fact that I’m stronger than you?”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comIn any case, Su Mingyuan took advantage of the situation. “I really slipped just now. Xueqi, don’t, don’t be like this! I was wrong. I was wrong.”Xia Xueqi loosened her grip and snorted coldly, “This shouldn’t happen again!”However, no matter how cold her expression was, as long as the blush on her face hadn’t faded, she would appear exceptionally charming in Su Mingyuan’s eyes. Even this cold snort was the same.“Do you understand the consequences if you dare to move your salted pig hand again?”“I understand.” Su MingyuanXia Xueqi didn’t leave Su Mingyuan’s arms, perhaps because she felt that the scene in front of her was just right to take pictures for evidence. She raised her mobile phone and took several pictures.This made Su Mingyuan feel the beauty of her body again.When she put down her phone, Su Mingyuan suddenly spoke.