If so, another day or two has passed.In the past two days, Su Mingyuan’s life had been uneventful.Everyday he exercised, teased Ruoruo, and waited for the unexpected encounter between Liu Mengning and Xiao Ran to happen.Su Mingyuan’s life had been very monotonous, and he couldn’t help but feel a little gloomy.What made him even more delighted was that Ruoruo seemed to be more active than ever before, pestering him every day, asking for hugs and kisses. She specially put on white silk on her slender and beautiful…Su Mingyuan couldn’t help but drool as his imagination ran wild. He felt the excitement bubbling inside his chest again. He had a premonition that after a while, he would definitely be able to let Ruoruo help him vent his savings in another way.In fact, after going through the past events one after another, he could only reach one conclusion. She was intentionally or unintentionally trying to tease him. The moment he stopped talking, she would shyly bury her head in his arms, and whisper some inexplicable things.In the end, Su Mingyuan held back.After all, he had already unlocked one level, and he felt that if he was too anxious to unlock the second one, it might invite Ruoruo’s resistance.After teasing her for a while, he decided to wait until their feelings were further warmed up. So it would be easy to speak later.Making up his mind, he started walking on this path.As a result, this in turn made Ruoruo even more chaotic. She had already hinted at brother Mingyuan in her way. Did she have to say such shameful words as a girl?When Su Mingyuan’s actions hurt Ruoruo, she secretly looked at him with a trace of resentment in her eyes, and the heartstrings that were tickled could not be calmed down for a long time.He has become an impure bad boy…In the past two days, Xia Xueqi, who chose to take her good sister Murong Hongxue to self-destruct together, was even more busy.Seizing power was not so easy.  It required not only coercion, but also inducements. It was also necessary to show that one had a strong ability to lead an entire large family, in order to convince people and make people willing to follow.At night, Xia Xueqi, who had managed to steal a little spare time, looked at Murong Hongxue’s tired eyes and asked, “We’ve been so busy these two days that we haven’t had time to find Mingyuan. Murong Hongxue, what are you doing to you now? Do you regret the decision?”How could Murong Hongxue not regret it? She said that not seeing him every day was like three autumns, and for her, not seeing her beloved knight every minute and every second was even more tormenting.But, of course she couldn’t admit that she regretted it, so she smiled bravely at Xia Xueqi and said, “Xueqi, I can be a good sister and help you a lot, why should I regret it?”Xia Xueqi smiled coldly, without revealing her insincere words, and said lightly, “That’s good. If I can control the Xia family earlier, I can better help Mingyuan and formulate a countermeasure to kill Xiao Ran. I don’t regret it at all. On the contrary, I really want to thank Hongxue for your help.”The two looked at each other and smiled, then quickly fell silent. There was no need to communicate between them. The strong wind currents were already buffeting in their hearts.Murong Hongxue:Damn Xia Xueqi, if it wasn’t for you, I might already be enjoying the sweetness of intimacy with Mingyuan!Compared with the two people who made no progress, Liu Mengning was already listening to Su Mingyuan’s songs, admiring his flowers, and waiting for the next encounter with him.Su Xuelan finally managed to persuade her mother to accept her shocking feelings.“Daughter, I have to continue to digest what you said to me. Your father is not as easy to talk to as I am. After I test his attitude during this period of time, I will consider how to discuss this matter with him. There is Mingyuan…”Mother Su took Su Xuelan’s hand and said, “The most important thing about your feelings for Mingyuan is to see how much he rejects it in his heart and whether he has the will to accept it. Well, in a few days, you will call this stinky boy back to stay for a day or two, and I will observe and analyse the interaction between you and him. If Mingyuan is extremely repulsive about it, you will not bring this matter up in front of me in the future, but no matter what Xuelan, you have to remember that you are my family and my beloved daughter.”Although Mother Su said it very seriously, Su Xuelan felt that she was sure of winning this matter.The constant persuasion here for the past two days was finally not in vain. As long as the mother agreed to acquiesce to this matter, was the father still far from agreeing?She finally felt relieved, and a huge load was relieved from her shoulders.“Mom, I understand, thank you!” She immediately hugged her mother with a smile, and acted like a happy child in her arms, who had yet to be grown up. Countless days of planning had finally bore fruit for her, and the joy was uncontrollable for her.In front of her mother, she would always be like a child who had not grown up, and her mother’s doting on her for many years was also the reason why she reluctantly accepted this.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comNext, as long as Mingyuan himself doesn’t reject my feelings for him too much, isn’t this a sure thing, already set in stone?Su Xuelan thought happily.As for the situation that Mingyuan would be extremely repulsive of me… that is simply impossible, let’s not even think about it!As long as I point out the fact in front of him that there is no blood relationship between me and him, he will definitely not reject my feelings.It’s just that my status will be changed from sister to wife. We will still remain a close family. How could Mingyuan reject it, how could it be rejected?It’s not possible at all.—–WANT TO READ MORE???CLICK HERE