Very warm and gentle.Then, the diary she had read that was full of his inner monologue that moved her so much came to mind once again.It was Su Mingyuan’s random diary made up for the sake of having fun. All the contents recorded in it, all about his inner feelings, were completely not what he really thought.However, Murong Hongxue believed.All the female protagionists believed.[October 21, rain.]Today is another day to remedy the plot.Murong Hongxue was plotted by the Murong family. It was supposed to be Xiao Ran’s role in the story of a hero saving beauty, but he was busy with other things, so I had to take action to end it for him.But I don’t regret it.Although I have an antagonistic relationship with Murong Hongxue in the plot, I have rescued her several times by pretending to be a white knight, and have experienced so many things with her.In fact, my heart has unknowingly treated her as an important person, right?Friend, or…?No, not possible.Can’t go on thinking that way.I am the villain Su Mingyuan who must die under Xiao Ran.To achieve Xiao Ran and then to betray each other and die tragically, this is my destiny.What am I begging for?But in the end, as soon as I learned that she was in danger, I immediately set off to save her without any hesitation.But I know, I believe, and I’m sure that all the actions I’ve done are just to get the collapsed plot back on track under the coercion of the will of the world.Yes, that’s all.I have no other feelings for her…Despite this, I finally found her and rescued her.When she was standing in the rain, in such pain that her emotions were almost in chaos, she told me all her life experiences, and in such a humble and pitiful tone of prayer, when she trembled and asked me if I thought she was dirty…I still almost couldn’t help wanting to go up and hug her, to gently wrap my arms around her shoulders, and gently stroke her cheeks.I want to whisper in her ear and tell her in a gentle tone: No matter how dark the night sky is, there will be a star willing to illuminate the darkness.I want to say to her: Don’t feel inferior, don’t be afraid, even a lotus flower can bloom in the rotten mud without a trace of dust.There are thousands of words in my heart at this time, and I extremely hope that I can give her a warm embrace and a shoulder to rely on at this time.But I can not.I could only try my best to restrain all the emotions and impulses in my heart, stroked her hair lightly, and told her in a pampering tone: You are not dirty.Then, nothing is done.Yes, I have no feelings for her….I just wanted to remedy the broken plot, and when she needed it, I gave her care and recognition.I have completed my task, I should reap the joy and satisfaction, and be able to sleep peacefully.But why… tonight suddenly became so long, why did the twinkling light of the stars suddenly become so dazzling?It’s so dazzling that it makes me sleepless, so dazzling that I can’t help it… I want to cry. 】Murong Hongxue stared at the white knight in front of her, as if she saw the poor man who was trying so hard to suppress his inner emotions but tossing and turning in pain until he wanted to cry.That diary, word by word, written on paper, brought tears to her heart.“Mr. Knight, before this, I never believed in love at first sight. But why, why do you have to appear in front of me in such a mysterious way, mysterious enough to know all my past? I seem to be stripped naked by you. In general, there are no more secrets in front of you.”“Do you know how it feels? It’s like being pulled naked into the icy cold wind by someone, and everything about you has been seen by him. At this time, you need a cup of hot tea and warmth.”“But you don’t know if he chooses to give you a thick coat and a warm embrace at this time, or just sit and watch you die in the cold wind, and even don’t forget to turn around and give you a shot.”“You may be redeemed, but the greater possibility is to fall into a deeper and colder dark abyss, and all of this is just because of this person’s appearance, and it all depends on this person’s choice.*“Mr. Knight, you are such an existence in my eyes. To me, you are so full of infinite attraction and temptation, but also a deadly threat that must be eradicated.”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comMurong Hongxue whispered, a slender hand gently placed on Su Mingyuan’s chest, causing his body to tremble slightly.She stared into his eyes, both affectionate and full of resentment.“So I asked that, and I wanted to know your choice. I’ve been in the darkness of inferiority for so long that I can’t help but grab a straw whenever there is a light, and I can’t help but give chase. And you, Mr. Knight.”Her other hand, the pale white jade finger stained with her fragrance, gently touched his lips under Su Mingyuan’s shocked and dazed expression, and then moved slowly, smearing his lips and teeth, leaving behind her traces.“Since you have chosen to be the light that illuminates me, the fire that ignites my life, and let me fall in love with you at first sight. Why did you come to see me after so long?”Murong Hongxue’s voice was affectionate and resentful, and the fingers on his lips were slightly forceful, as if to blame him for taking so long to come.Su Mingyuan was completely stunned at this time***