“What did you just say to him for his face to turn so ugly?” Ye Chen asked curiously as he watched Xiao Ran walk over.Xiao Ran smiled mysteriously. “This is a secret. I’ll tell you when I have the chance.”Of course, he understood why his words were so destructive to Su Mingyuan.This was because he understood a guy like Su Mingyuan, who couldn’t admit to what he was thinking.He had a particularly strong desire to control the woman who belonged to him, demanding that the woman obey him absolutely.But his fiancée, Xia Xueqi, had attended the banquet with him. How could he not be angry after hearing about this?However, he didn’t plan to let others know that Su Mingyuan was impotent. He just had to hide it in his heart.This was the secret Ruoruo had told him. He could not make this matter known to everyone and make Ruoruo suffer in Su Mingyuan’s place.“Alright, then if you have a chance in the future, you must tell me why.” Ye Chen did not ask any further and dragged Xiao Ran into the dining hall.Anyway, seeing Su Mingyuan suffer a setback, he felt refreshed.As a person who liked luxury cars and speed racing, who didn’t like Su Mingyuan’s unique Rolls Royce?When Ye Chen begged his family to get him a car, he was turned down and his eyes turned red at Su Mingyuan.Especially after he went to find Su Mingyuan to experience the joy of driving the Wind God.However, when he was rejected by Su Mingyuan with a disdainful tone, “Are you even qualified to drive my car?” He started to hold a grudge against Su Mingyuan.Su Mingyuan didn’t find it strange as he watched Ye Chen and Xiao Ran walk into the centre of the wine hall.With the main character’s aura, Xiao Ran could easily gain the admiration of others by using the skills he had casually displayed. He didn’t need to waste any effort to make a loyal friend.Of course, it was also very easy for him to provoke some people into hatred for no reason at all, and he would be constantly visited by trouble. Then, these people would become the villains in the novel and be slapped in the face by him all the way, becoming stepping stones at the feet of the ruler of the ciity.For example, Su Mingyuan was one of the biggest stepping stones in the novel.Su Mingyuan deliberately stood at the door for a while, showing how upset he was when he was slapped in the face by Xiao Ran. He then walked into the dining hall with his face broken.In terms of acting, he felt that he really had nothing to say.Oscar Best Actor.Next, it was time for the second stage of the performance, which was also the highlight of the drama.Under immense anger, he humiliated and oppressed the poor waitress, forcing her to go to bed with him, but he was stopped by Xiao Ran, who could not see it.Not only did he lose face, he also set off Xiao Ran’s righteousness and prestige.‘Then let me look for the poor waitress. Where is she?’Su Mingyuan had an ugly expression on his face, but his gaze kept shifting among the crowd.In the beautifully decorated wine hall, the piano, violin, and various orchestral instruments were in symphony as they brought out a melodious and soothing melody.In the crowd, some of them were holding wine glasses while chatting, while most of them were beautiful women, college students, and families. They happened to be smiling sweetly as they leaned against the arms of a group of gentlemen.The centre of the spacious wine hall was the dance floor for these men and women.They crossed their necks and danced with each other. Some of the gentlemen smiled and slowly reached their hands into their skirts. Some of them looked at each other affectionately as they reached their hands into their chests.Su Mingyuan finally found his target.The waitress who came here to work part-time—Li Shuang!After a while, he would use extremely violent words and even actions to highlight how hateful he was as a villain.Although it was an act, he had hurt her after all.Therefore, in order to make up for her injured heart, he would arrange for someone to treat her mother’s serious illness in private, just as he had done the previous week.He didn’t want to ask if he could be forgiven. At least, he would feel good in his heart and there wouldn’t be any burden in acting.Then, the second scene of this performance should begin.It was time for his villainous face to rise!Su Mingyuan’s eyes were filled with anger as he rampaged through the banquet hall, as if he was venting his anger from being slapped in the face by Xiao Ran.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comAt that moment.Li Shuang and Su Mingyuan, who were carrying a tray of wine, bumped into each other.It swayed.The glass cup left the tray, drew a beautiful arc in the air, and then fell heavily to the ground.There was also orange juice and red wine floating in the air.Pa!The sound of the glass falling to the ground rang out.The orange juice and wine in the wine cup were also sprayed onto Su Mingyuan’s body under the influence of gravity.Li Shuang stared blankly at this scene.Then, she immediately came back to her senses. She hurriedly grabbed a tissue and tried to wipe the alcohol off Su Mingyuan’s body. She wanted to salvage something, so she kept apologising.“I’m sorry, sir. I didn’t do it on purpose. I’ll clean your clothes right away ……”Pa!It was as loud and clear as a slap in the face.Su Mingyuan opened Li Shuang’s hand grip with a slap. At this moment, the anger from Xiao Ran smacking his face seemed to have finally found a place to vent.‘I couldn’t take care of Xiao Ran and Ye Chen, but couldn’t I take care of a little waitress like you?’“Woman, you dirty my clothes. Do you think you can wipe them with paper towels? Forget it?”He glared at Li Shuang, his eyes as cold as ice, but the anger in his nostrils was like a burning fire.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comThis made his face look sinister and terrifying.Li Shuang panicked. In fear, she was so flustered that her brain went short. She reached out to take off Su Mingyuan’s clothes.“I’m sorry, sir. I didn’t mean it. I… I will wash your dirty clothes right now ……”Pa!Another crisp slap sounded.Su Mingyuan slapped her hand and sent her arm flying. He interrupted her and sneered. “You washing my clothes. Do you want to see me naked?”“Also, do you know how expensive this custom-made suit of mine is, and do you think it is cleaned with a wash using a washing machine or hand?”Su Mingyuan clutched Li Shuang’s arm and stared into her eyes with an appalling gaze, “I’m telling you, woman, after you splashed me with wine, my clothes are completely ruined, so you have to compensate me, you know!”He smiled and said, “It’s not expensive, just four hundred thousand!”“Four …… four hundred thousand!”Oh my God!Hearing this figure, Li Shuang appeared like she had suffered a bolt from the blue sky, her expression immediately fell into panic and despair, her thighs and calves trembled in unison, and she could not even stand up.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comAlthough her salary here wasvery high, even if she took out all the family savings, she could not come up with 400,000.And that’s still the life-saving money for her mother’s treatment ……Looking at her desperate and hollow eyes, Su Mingyuan sneered.“Chick, if you can’t get 400,000, you can also change the compensation method.”He suddenly reached out and grabbed Li Shuang’s pretty face with his five fingers in the shape of claws, his fingers pinching her cheeks fiercely and forcing her to look at himself.Although not considered stunningly beautiful, this face did hold quite a bit of beauty.“Stay with me for one night, and this matter, then will be written off!”***