“Sister, what are you going to do?”Su Xuelan’s eyes made Su Mingyuan feel a little scared.In this episode, when his good sister looked at him, her eyes were always affectionate and doting.But now her eyes were hot, domineering, and full of possessiveness.It was as if a fire was burning.Su Xuelan didn’t answer Su Mingyuan’s question, but just forcefully pushed him on the sofa and leaned forward very aggressively.She really couldn’t bear it anymore.She really couldn’t take it anymore.Looking at the moist lustre Xia Xueqi left on Su Mingyuan’s lips, she just wanted to erase the traces on it completely and stain him with her own mark!Mingyuan belongs to me!She tightly pinched Su Mingyuan’s chin to prevent him from moving, then bent down and kissed him very passionately and domineeringly!At that moment, her heart exploded, and a thousand-foot-high tsunami was set off on the calm lake. Su Xuelan finally broke through that boundary by relying on her tough dominance.Who said siblings couldn’t kiss each other?Now she had done it!“Well!”His lips were invaded, and Su Mingyuan’s eyes widened.Immediately, he looked at Su Xuelan’s delicate face in disbelief; his eyes were full of panic, fear, and bewilderment.He couldn’t understand at all. Why did his sister Su Xuelan suddenly pinch his chin so forcefully and kiss him?Su Xuelan… Is she really the younger sister I thought she was?This had completely exceeded the limit of intimacy between siblings.Even if he were a younger brother, he wouldn’t do such a thing!Su Mingyuan, who was pressed against the sofa, began to struggle hard. He wanted to push Su Xuelan away, and he wanted to yell at her to tell her that this was wrong.However, Su Xuelan’s lips tightly blocked his mouth, making it difficult for him to breathe, let alone shout.Her pair of slender arms tightly wrapped around his limbs, pinned him down, held him in her arms, and prevented him from struggling to escape.Su Mingyuan was startled, terrified, panicked, and confused.Although he was kissed by such a peerless beauty, his heart was trembling in panic, and he kept rejecting this kind of transgressive behavior.Sis, what are you doing?Is this normal intimate behavior between siblings?Quickly let me go!During the interval of breathing, Su Xuelan finally gave him time to catch his breath and speak, but before he could speak, Su Xuelan cupped his face with both hands, and the burning flames in her eyes were so hot that they were about to burn him.She obviously didn’t intend to end it here.How could it be enough to only taste Mingyuan’s lips?With Xia Xueqi’s flirtatious actions, she would do it again with Mingyuan!“Mingyuan, don’t look at me with such scared eyes; you are my favorite brother. I am protecting you from being spoiled by those bad women, you know? Don’t worry; don’t be afraid; you will understand. You will know that your sister is your best partner in the future. Those bad women just covet your body; only I will treat you wholeheartedly, and I can give everything for you, Mingyuan. In the future, stay away from those bad women. This kind of thing can only be done with me in the future, you know.”At this time, Su Xuelan’s brain was so frenzied that she started talking nonsense. The smile on the corner of her mouth looked extremely sweet, but it made people shudder. Su Mingyuan’s similar speech made Su Mingyuan feel frightened and uneasy.It’s over! It’s over!I originally thought that the way my sister doted on me was the best way to handle and control me.But I never expected that under her obedient and pampering appearance, she would hide such a terrifying face!This is not just a simple younger brother’s accusation; she has gone mad and hopeless; her relationship criteria have completely deteriorated; and she has developed into a sick girl!It turns out that her personality has changed the most this week!No wonder she didn’t defend me at all before; she always teased me at will and engaged in those intimate behaviors.It turns out that this woman not only wants to be my older sister but also wants to monopolize me forever and keep everything I have in her pocket!Su Xuelan, as the female protagonist of this world, is already extremely beautiful; especially when she curls the corners of her mouth and smiles, her beauty is even more stunning.However, at this moment, Su Mingyuan looked into her possessive eyes and faced her sweet smile, but felt very scared.I don’t want such a sister!Unable to resist, unable to refuse, he was kissed again by Su Xuelan like a weak little daughter-in-law.Su Mingyuan felt that this week’s game was stable just a second ago. He had already mastered the five heroines in the early stages, and a quick clearance was just around the corner. In the next second, Su Xuelan pressed him on the sofa, and he suffered all kinds of humiliation. His heart was like a frightened deer, full of panic and fear.What to do? What to do? What to do?Originally, Su Mingyuan just regarded Su Xuelan as an ordinary sister, and he didn’t have the slightest thought of overreaching at all. Instead, he felt embarrassed by her intimate behavior.But now, Su Xuelan’s possessiveness and morbidity were too strong. Apart from making Su Mingyuan feel scared, it also made him even less daring to have any thoughts about her.The bottom line in his heart was not so easy to cross.Although she got a little physical satisfaction temporarily from this behavior, it actually pushed the distance between the two hearts even further.At this moment, the more domineering Su Xuelan became, the more obstacles were inserted into the already unsmooth path of love.But at that moment, she could no longer think of this.Every time, every time, every time, I can only listen to and watch Mingyuan flirt with other women in secret, doing this and that.A fire had been simmering in her heart for a long time, and a volcano had been suppressed for a long time.But today, after the most important plan was destroyed by Xia Xueqi, she even mocked her in person.This volcano erupted.Su Xuelan could no longer think about it so much. Her reason, quickness, and intelligence had long been burned to nothing by the raging flames. She was not Mingyuan’s own sister.She couldn’t hold it back anymore. She couldn’t bear it anymore. How could she calm down and think about so much?So she let go.Or… In fact, at a certain moment, she realized what she was doing stupidly and how her behavior was pushing her into the abyss step by step.But at this time, she couldn’t stop anymore. It was like falling, knowing that she would be smashed to pieces the moment she landed, but she still became more and more greedy for the pleasure of depravity and betrayal and fell towards the end of darkness and despair.“Ahem!”