Su Mingyuan bent down and kissed Liu Mengning’s delicate and alluring lips.This was the first time that raging emotions overcame reason.It was also the first time that he didn’t care whether he would be deducted, and he just wanted to kiss the girl in front of him.However, before his lips touched Liu Mengning’s mouth, she had already smiled, put her arms around his neck, and kissed him.Under the twinkling stars, gorgeous fireworks, and moonlight, they kissed each other affectionately.The night wind blew gently, winding the hair of the two together; the shade above the head made a “rustling” sound, like the elves in the tree clapping their hands in blessing; the stars were blinking secretly, curious and excited.Looking shyly at the scene in front of them, the bright fireworks were trying their best to release bright and gorgeous brilliance, sprinkle colorful shades on the two of them, and even the moonlight was covering the two of them with thin gauze clothes, making the two of them feel happy. It looked romantic, beautiful, and hazy for a moment.At the foot of the mountain, Liu Qing looked at the gorgeous fireworks that suddenly bloomed in the sky and pouted at Ye Chen.“Fortunately, I stopped you and told you not to disturb someone’s date. Look, if such a romantic scene had a light bulb like you appear, that mysterious driver would hate you to death.”Ye Chen also raised his head, looked up at the radiant beauty above his head, and said curiously and admiringly, “With such good driving skills and such a good understanding of romance, there shouldn’t be any girl who wouldn’t fall in love with him, right?”Liu Qing fell silent immediately after hearing the words.When passing by Su Mingyuan’s convertible before, the moment was too short, and Ye Chen’s attention was all on the driver, and he didn’t notice who the female companion in the passenger seat was.And Liu Qing, as a side disciple of the Liu family, was naturally very familiar with Liu Mengning. Although it passed by for a moment, she still felt that the woman on the co-pilot was very familiar. When she received the message on the phone, she was completely sure and identified the woman.A fairy-like figure like Missy was willing to watch the beautiful and romantic fireworks on the top of the mountain with him in the middle of the night. Who was that divine driver?And from this point of view, what Ye Chen just said is very likely to come true. The eldest lady rushed out to watch fireworks with the other party alone in the middle of the night, so falling in love with the other party… didn’t it seem impossible?Liu Qing was extremely shocked by this fact, terrified and inexplicably horrified, so she fell silent for a moment, unable to even speak.However, she didn’t know that whether it was a drive or a fireworks show, it was not a romantic trick Su Mingyuan used to make Liu Mengning fall in love with him.On the contrary, these were actually Liu Mengning’s initiatives to launch an attack on Su Mingyuan. On this road of attacking and counter-attacking, Su Mingyuan had always been the one who was taken down!If he knew that it was Liu Mengning who was chasing Su Mingyuan on his own initiative, he might really not be able to help but doubt life, thinking that the world was chaotic and time and space were upside down.In the Ming capital.The fireworks on Yanming Mountain did not spread to the night sky here.Just now, Xiao Ran happily received another batch of brothers who came from overseas.This time, there were no accidents. All these good guys had arrived. His security company business can be further expanded, and some people can be assigned to help Xueqi.“By the way, boss, on our way from the airport, we passed a mountain and saw someone setting off fireworks on the mountain. Are you Chinese people so romantic?”Fireworks?Xiao Ran’s heart moved slightly, and he said a few perfunctory words, but he was thinking about asking Xueqi to come out to watch the fireworks. After all, women should not be able to resist such a romantic situation; why don’t they just give her a call now?Xiao Ran immediately dialed the phone, and while telling Xia Xueqi the good news that he could finally dispatch someone to help her, he asked her when she could come out for a date.Xia Xueqi declined and said that since he had mobilized people to help me, she would be very busy during this time, and he swept Su Mingyuan’s face at the investment party today, so she was afraid that the next spare time she would be forced by the family to meet with that guy. There was really no time to go on a date with him.Xiao Ran had no choice but to hang up the phone resentfully, and he suddenly thought that since Xueqi was not free, then what about Liu Mengning?As an investor, it was reasonable to ask her out to meet and have a meal to discuss film preparations, right?When the time comes, he could take her for a walk after dinner and prepare a beautiful fireworks show for her. Then he had no reason to worry about whether she would be moved.After all, Xiao Ran was a hero, and when he thought that Su Mingyuan would join Liu Mengning’s crew, even if he was scum, if he established a good relationship with Liu Mengning in the crew, how could he hug Liu Mengning in the future? How could his recently established film and television company grow rapidly with her fame and influence?Su Mingyuan would definitely drive a wedge between him and Liu Mengning!Therefore, it was better to act first before he djd and try to gain Liu Mengning’s favor!Fortunately, Ruoruo would also have a supporting role in the film. Ruoruo was in the crew, so maybe she could drive Liu Mengning and Su Mingyuan apart or even mess up their relationship between Liu Mengning and Su Mingyuan. It would be best for them to turn against each other!Thinking of this, Xiao Ran immediately dialed Liu Mengning’s number again, wanting to make an appointment with her to meet up.However, although the phone was connected, there was a “beep…beep…beep…” and no one answered.Xiao Ran called several times with the same result, so he had no choice but to put down the phone, thinking that maybe Liu Mengning was busy with something at the moment and didn’t have time to answer the phone, so he could ask her out tomorrow.The top of Yanming MountainLiu Mengning had already turned the phone to silent and threw it in the car to prevent anyone from interfering.At this moment, she was hugging and kissing Xiaobai affectionately, and she didn’t even notice that the screen of the mobile phone in the car was constantly flickering.Gradually, the two were no longer satisfied with hugging and kissing but began to ask for more.But none of them broke through to the last step.Although Su Mingyuan’s emotions were surging at this moment, his enthusiasm was strong, and his inner thoughts had been cleared up after the racing, but he still couldn’t take off his mask without any problems and reveal his real body.And he didn’t want to have the image of a white knight for the first time with Liu Mengning.Liu Mengning also hoped that the first time with Xiaobao would be after he took the initiative to take off the mask in front of her.She never said that he was Su Mingyuan, but kept hinting that she hoped that he would take the initiative to open his heart to her.So they all stopped at that boundary very tacitly.Why can’t I take off the mask?Because there is still a bigger secret in my heart, and there is still the deepest fear in my heart.This was the panic that even Liu Mengning didn’t know about.Because Su Mingyuan never wrote in his diary.Mingjing, Xia’s familyXia Xueqi hung up the phone and looked at the bright moon outside the window. Her face was colder than the moonlight.“Damn Xiao Ran…”After coming back tonight, she managed to make peace with Murong Hongxue, and the two shook hands to cease fighting. In the following time, she finally had time to go on a date with Mingyuan.aResult……In order to help her at this time, Xiao Ran dispatched a group of subordinates for her!Why didn’t you come sooner for my help? It just came at this time!Click.The new mobile phone that was just replaced broke again.The Su family villaSu Xuelan listened to the report of her subordinates; her face was a little gloomy. She never thought that at the investment party tonight, Liu Mengning would dare to make such an absurd decision!Pulling Mingyuan to your crew for filming?Mengning, are you plotting against my Mingyuan too?Su Xuelan’s expression was only gloomy for a moment, and suddenly she smiled lightly again.“It doesn’t matter, no matter what tricks you vixens use, after Mingyuan comes home tomorrow, stay with me at home for a period of time, and when I break the relationship with the help of my parents,…”“Hehe, don’t even try to get close to him, you rascals!”>ADVANCED CHAPTERS—MORE PUBLIC CHAPTERS–EVIL TIER–Chapter 169:He was confident again (2)— updatedChapter 170:System, you cheer me up, because you look down on me. (1)— updated–BULLY TIER–Chapter 170:System, you cheer me up, because you look down on me. (2)Chapter 171:Men that both protagonists want (1)– updatedChapter 171:Men that both protagonists want (2)– updated–MASTERMIND TIER–Chapter 172:Take off. I’ve already won! (1)Chapter 172:Take off. I’ve already won! (2)Chapter 173:Murong Hongxue, save me! (1)– updatedChapter 173:Murong Hongxue, save me! (2)– updated–ANTI – VILLAIN TIER–Chapter 174:System, are you sending me a consolation prize? (1)Chapter 174:System, are you sending me a consolation prize? (2)Chapter 175:Damn world will has come to harm Mingyuan again! (1)– updatedChapter 175:Damn world will has come to harm Mingyuan again! (2)– updated