When Su Mingyuan and Su Xuelan returned home. They found that Father and Mother Su were already resting.The two of them quietly entered the house. Before Su Mingyuan could enter his room, Su Xuelan grabbed him and took him to her room.Hiss! Sis, why are you so strong!”Su Mingyuan could not understand. Xia Xueqi was like this and so was his sister.Su Mingyuan was a man who had practised the Heavenly Creation of Pure Jade Divine skill for a few days, but his strength couldn’t compare to these two women?Last week, as a villain, he had almost no physical contact with these female leads.When he disguised himself as a white-clothed knight, he had come out as a hero to save the beautiful. He had no chance to feel how strong they were.After two weeks of contact, he realised that these women were really strong!Of course, this was also because he hadn’t used his True Qi to boost his strength and didn’t deliberately break free.After all, he was just a dude. His physical fitness must be low. How could he have such a powerful strength? How could he have such a top-notch skill that only the main character could have?Su Xuelan’s strength was indeed very strong, but it wasn’t much stronger than normal people.He didn’t think too much about doubting it, and he didn’t want to use the True Qi to avoid being unable to explain it clearly.So, he let Su Xuelan pull her away.“Mingyuan, sit on the bed for a while. I’ll take a shower. Or… Let’s go together?” Su Xuelan smiled at him.“This is impossible, Sister, impossible!” Su Mingyuan quickly waved his hand and refused. “We are siblings, not lovers. We should avoid arousing suspicion when we need to.”Su Xuelan frowned, “What happened to the siblings? Some of the siblings were even more intimate than a couple, so what was there to avoid? It is just bathing together. It isn’t like we hadn’t washed together when we were kids ……”However, Su Mingyuan turned around and did not go to the bathroom to wash with her.He felt that she was like the sisters in the anime. They didn’t pay much attention to the difference between men and women.But, he was still a normal person. Moreover, Su Xuelan’s love and care for him made him treat her like an older sister.In real life, a normal person would never do such a thing with his sister.Su Xuelan sighed in disappointment and walked into the bathroom.Su Mingyuan let out a long sigh of relief and took a glass of ice water from the refrigerator to suppress his chaotic emotions.Sister, don’t seduce me like this. I’m your brother, not your husband. If this continues, I’m afraid I won’t be able to control myself!However, when Su Xuelan finished taking a shower and walked out in her translucent silk pyjamas, the faintly discernible charm between her walking reminded her of an infinite temptation…Su Mingyuan was really shocked. He quickly turned around and didn’t dare to look at her.“Sis, can you put on your clothes? You’re too, too ……”He wanted to say that he felt ashamed, but he swallowed his words and could only drink a few mouthfuls of ice water.I can’t stay in my sister’s room for even a moment!If he continued to stay, he would probably make a big mistake!Her sister was not Ruoruo, and he couldn’t make a move without any psychological burden.Su Xuelan looked at his bashful face and found it very interesting. She smiled and said, “Mingyuan, go take a cold shower in the bathroom to calm the fire. I won’t tease you like this.”You also know that you are playing with fire!Su Mingyuan rushed into the bathroom. He turned on the faucet and started to cool down.By the time he came out of the shower, the lights in the bedroom had already dimmed.Su Xuelan patted the empty space beside her and gestured for him to lie down.Su Mingyuan hesitated and did not want to walk over.Su Xuelan wasn’t reserved in front of his younger brother, unlike Ruoruo, who would run away shyly if she was teased by him.He was really afraid that the moment he lay down on the bed, his sister, who had no guard against men and women, would unconsciously touch and tease him, causing him to become a beast.Even though her sister had purposely dimmed the lights and changed into alluring and translucent pajamas, but…When Su Xuelan saw his hesitation, she immediately realised that he was planning to leave, but how could she let him go?“Mingyuan, don’t leave. I have to talk to you tonight.”Su Xuelan got out of bed and walked to Su Mingyuan. She pushed him onto the bed.She took the opportunity to lie down next to him, gently hugging him, clasping her ten fingers tightly around him, their skin touching each other. Those limpid eyes stared at him with deep affection.Their breaths were so close that they could hear each other’s heartbeat through their thin pyjamas.Su Mingyuan was stunned.The heart-to-heart talk was… Was she talking about this?“Sis, I, I’m a man. If you continue like this, I…I can’t take it anymore… We are siblings, not husband and wife!”After some hesitation, Su Mingyuan told her the truth and reminded Su Xuelan to pay attention to the relationship between the siblings.Hearing this, Su Xuelan’s eyes darkened as she silently released her embrace. However, she still held onto his ten fingers tightly.Mingyuan, that’s right. If everything didn’t start over, we would just be siblings.But in my previous life, why did you pretend to be a handsome white-robed knight and lure me away?Do you know how much shock, pain, and despair I felt when I found out the truth from your diary and your true identity?If Su Mingyuan hadn’t left behind the diary that he had made up a lot of information about his personality, if he hadn’t disguised himself as a white-robed knight to save Su Xuelan, stealing her heart. It would have made this brother-sister relationship deteriorate. If he hadn’t done it all over again, if Su Xuelan hadn’t been reborn…#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comBut there was no but.Now, it was impossible for Su Xuelan to separate this relationship into two and even abandon the part that belonged to love.She now regarded Su Mingyuan as her closest brother and her favourite…“Mingyuan, do you remember when we played house when we were kids? When you were a knight and I was a princess, did you say you wanted to be a knight of honour who would always protect me?”“Ah, remember… I remember ……”“But later on, I understood that it was meaningless to be a princess who would only stay in the castle and be guarded by others. Mingyuan, the knight has protected the princess, so the princess should stand up and protect her knight.”Su Xuelan’s eyes, which were staring at him with deep affection, shone with a hazy and beautiful glow under the moonlight.“Mingyuan, it’s my fault that I treated you coldly before, but I won’t do that in the future. From now on, you are the little brother that I, Su Xuelan, will spend my entire life protecting. I will never let you suffer again.”At this moment, Su Xuelan once again said the same thing that she said the last time she met Su Mingyuan.But that sincerity, that pair of shining eyes under the moonlight, made Su Mingyuan’s heart completely moved at that moment.“Mingyuan, are you willing to believe me?”“I… Yes.”“Then, listen to the sound of my heart beating. Listen to my sincerity and love for you.”Su Xuelan suddenly reached out and pressed Su Mingyuan’s head against her chest.A full and plump feeling assaulted his face.At this moment, a second ago, Su Mingyuan was so touched that he was completely stunned by the situation.Sis, so this is what you’re talking about?At this moment, Su Mingyuan’s heart thumped and blood began to flow all over his body. He had thought that after Su Xuelan’s careless words, he wouldn’t be able to recover tonight.But…Sis, your heart is beating so fast that my little heart can’t stop beating. Why are you seducing me again?!Su Xuelan’s sincere words made him acknowledge Su Xuelan’s identity in his heart.It was to the extent that doing anything too intimate with Su Xuelan right now would only make him feel that something was wrong. He felt a faint sense of guilt.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comBrother and sister could be intimate, but they couldn’t be as intimate as lovers!At this moment, Su Mingyuan wished that Ruoruo was by his side.Because being intimate with Ruoruo would not make him feel guilty.I really want to kiss Ruoruo’s little mouth, I really want to touch Ruoruo’s…“Ding Ling Ling… Ding Ling Ling ……”At that moment, the phone rang.Su Mingyuan quickly broke free and picked up his phone. There were three words written on it:Xia Xueqi!Xia Xueqi, this call is at a great time.A trace of joy flashed across Su Mingyuan’s face.Ever since his last date with Xia Xueqi had taken advantage of her and snatched her first kiss, the anger that had been caused by her changing the plot had long since dissipated. He was ecstatic to see this life-saving call!Hearing the phone ring, Su Xuelan’s brows furrowed. She was slightly annoyed at being interrupted.However, when she saw the name ‘Xia Xueqi’ on the screen, her eyebrows rose slightly and a smile appeared on her face.Heh, my good sister, your phone call is really timely.Before Su Mingyuan could answer the button, she had already snatched the phone and smiled.“Mingyuan, let me answer this call. Xueqi and I have a good relationship. I can help you explain what happened tonight.”***