With no way out, Xiao Ruoruo turned around and begged Su Mingyuan.“President Su, I… I’m still studying. ”“I’m not going to tell anyone what’s going on here.”“Please let me go; I don’t want a penny of your pay…”“You want me to let you go? Ruoruo, you really are quite naive.” Su Mingyan sneered at her.“Did you think I’d let you go that easily after you enter my office?”Su Mingyuan smiled as he flipped through the report in his hand. “You know what these are?”“These files contain information about your personal life, background, and social circle.”He leaned on his elbows against the table and looked at Xiao Ruoruo with eagle sharp eyes.He was clearly seated, and Xiao Ruoruo stood in front of him, but Xiao Ruoruo’s head was lowered, and it appeared as though he was looking down at her pretentiously.“Do you know what it means to offend me?”Xiao Ruoruo did not respond, but her pursed lips and clenched fists showed her uneasiness.The man in front of her was not rude, but his words felt as if a big invisible hand had enclosed around her waist and was holding her tightly.Seeing that Xiao Ruoruo did not answer, Su Mingyuan continued.“Although my company is only a second-tier entertainment company, I have a lot of contacts in the entertainment industry, not to mention my status as the young master of the Su family.”“Moreover, you are just a college student with no background, and are just a student studying at the Ming City Film Academy.”“Ruoruo, your college entrance examination results were excellent, and you could have attended a top-tier University. Instead you chose Ming City Film Academy, the reason is because you dream of becoming a star, correct?“You are just a novice without fame. As long as I say just one word, and ban you, no one in the entertainment world would spare any effort to give me some face.”“No one will want you for any entertainment-related work.”“Your peers and professors will avoid you and hate you because you have offended me.”“Your studies and efforts are equivalent to just being wasted. Your dreams will fade and end, and your future outlook will be cut off. ”Su Mingyuan raised a finger, “Ruoruo, this is just one of the consequences you will face if you offend me.”“You…you are so shameless! ”Xiao Ruoruo was trembling with anger.Perhaps, she was indeed naive! She had no idea that such a wicked and shameless person such as Su Mingyuan existed in this world!Su Mingyuan didn’t care about her rebuke and added, “Ruoruo, I read about your experiences in life. You are so kind and caring. Although you grew up in an orphanage, you don’t feel aggrieved.”“You frequently use the money you earned from your hard work and part-time job to buy items for the orphanage.”“You have an outstanding appearance, are kind-hearted, and have such bright dreams.”“But you are short of money.“I’m not sure you’ve seen how much compensation is included in the internship contract you signed with my company for breach of contract.”The corners of his mouth turned up as he raised two fingers.“It’s half a million.”“Ruoruo, this is the second consequence if you are going to offend me.”Half a million!Xiao Ruoruo’s pretty face turned pale in an instant, and a trace of despair flashed in her eyes.Looking at the beauty’s desperate appearance, Su Mingyuan’s eyes showed a trace of undisguised joy and the corners of his mouth shifted into an evil smile.With this acting, I am afraid that no one would not be able to believe that he is not a villain.In order to play such a disgusting villain, I put so much effort into this role!“Ruoruo, there is more. Despite the fact that Ming City has always been a safe place, you’ve probably heard stories of the city’s red – light district. They are the rats in the gutter, hiding in the fetid night and quietly attacking innocent passers-by.“They do all kinds of evil, they rape and loot, they are full of bad people, bad assholes. Ruoruo, after offending me, I can’t guarantee that you will encounter these hateful bastards when you walk down the street one day.”Su Mingyuan smiled, as if just telling some trivial facts.Then, at the end, the real motive was revealed and an option was given, “So, Xiao Ruoruo, have you thought about it? Would you choose to climb into my bed obediently, or choose to take the risk to offend me?”The smile on his face faded, and his cold gaze was like a tall mountain pressing onto Xiao Ruoruo’s head, and those sharp words were like a stinging cool breeze. It pierced her will like a sharp knife.He seemed to be asking, but he had blocked any possible excuse Xiao Ruoruo could give to refuse.Dreams, future, money, life, safety…That invisible big hand had completely clenched her firmly, causing her misery, suffocating her, and cutting her right to refuse; it left her with no choice but to yield.Would she…choose to surrender?Of course it is impossible!Su Mingyuan was waiting for Xiao Ruoruo’s outburst.She was one of the novel’s female protagonists and a part of Xiao Ran’s harem. Although she is pure and kind, and appears weak and frightened; nonetheless, her disposition is soft on the outside and firm inside, but she’ll never surrender to this villain!Su Mingyuan is now in a good mood.For the first time, he felt that his performance had been perfect.Such control, such a manner, would undoubtedly make Xiao Ruoruo despise him!When the time comes, Xiao Ran will be filled with rage and will ridicule him in front of Xiao Ruoruo for being despicable.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comThis time, I will undoubtedly earn an A+ !Come on, Xiao Ruoruo! Show me your rage, your furious scolding!Su Mingyuan looked at Xiao Ruoruo with excitement, and noticed that she had lowered her head in silence in front of him, and had clenched her fist tightly.He could see her trembling with anger, and her chest was shivering as she inhaled.In the next moment, he saw that she was looking at him without fear.Her lower back was ramrod straight, her clear eyes were burning with flames, and her beautiful face was flushed with rage.Although desperate beauty is appealing, furious beauty has an even more unique quality.Su Mingyuan smirked and waited for Xiao Ruoruo’s outburst.He watched her approach.She stood still in front of him and bent down.“President Su, I… I do not wish to lose any future possibilities and my dreams, nor do I ………. I cannot afford a breach of contract, and I am also afraid of dying, so I…”Her head was lowered. “…I know I was wrong. ”She surrendered!?She surrendered!How can it be?!Su Mingyuan was shocked!In his previous life, before he succeeded, he was severely reprimanded by Xiao Ruoruo. She had pointed at his face and vowed that she would never surrender to a shameless and disgusting bastard like him!But now, she gave in!Is this the same Xiao Ruoruo as before? It is so contradictory to her character!No!It’s impossible! She must be deceiving me. Perhaps she pretended to be weak and is choosing to hold me down in the meantime in order to find a chance to counterattack.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comYes, it must be like this!Su Mingyuan got up abruptly, turned his back to Xiao Ruoruo to hide the consternation in his eyes, and went to get the wine in the cupboard.Regardless of whether Xiao Ruoruo was pretending or not, he must continue with his acting. His personality cannot collapse, and his performance must not collapse.He is Su Mingyuan, a despicable villain who coerced Xiao Ruoruo to sleep with him!It’s not over yet!As the wine seal was opened, the rich red wine oozed into the glass like hot desire.“Xiao Ruoruo, I like delicious wine, and I also like beauties.”Su Mingyuan went over to Xiao Ruoruo with a glass of wine in hand and said, “Since you’ve chosen to give in. Drink a glass of wine before we get started.”Translated by:Chichipe13Edited by:Bluburrycat