Su Mingyuan never thought about failure at all.Everything had been planned to perfection in advance, so of course he came here for a perfect evaluation!Unless there was a problem with one of the leading actors, Xiao Ran or Liu Mengning, he couldn’t fail at all, right?And he had already set them in advance; how could the two of them have problems?Heh, if I can’t get a perfect evaluation this time, I, Su Mingyuan, will change my name…Forget it, I won’t set up a red flag this time.Su Mingyuan thought of the last time he was in front of the gate of Hongyun Building. His heart was bubbling with confidence, and the result was like a slap, so he couldn’t help but feel a little guilty.Although he spanked Ruoruo’s ass after returning home, if possible, he would rather choose a perfect evaluation and get a lot of villain points!Even though he was absolutely certain that there would be no more mistakes in the performance that time, Su Mingyuan still didn’t dare speak indiscriminately.It was true that the sequelae had been rectified.The moment he stepped into the door of the hotel.[Ding! To trigger the plot, please complete the performance according to the Villain and the plot of the original novel.][After the performance, according to the evaluation level, you will get 200–2000 villain points and the same amount of strengthening points.][Host, come on!]Come on?System, victory is already in my pocket; do I still need you to cheer me on?When Su Mingyuan walked into the lobby of the Park Hyatt Hotel on the first floor with his head held high, everyone noticed.There were already many business elites and company bosses who took the initiative to greet him.Su Mingyuan fully demonstrated the playful demeanor of a wealthy young master. He didn’t even bother to look at these people a few times. He just clicked his chin contemptuously and walked towards the elevator, ignoring them.There were still a few people around him acting cheekily, as if they wanted to get acquainted with him.In the film and television industry, although his company was only second-rate and didn’t have much influence, who made him the young master of the Su family?The Su family’s influence spread throughout China; who wouldn’t want to curry favor with him?At that moment, accompanied by a crisp, high-heeled sound, everyone’s eyes were suddenly attracted by another protagonist who appeared.Xia Xueqi, the Xia family’s eldest daughter and president of Xuanmei Company, is an iceberg beauty.She was even more attractive than Su Mingyuan. She was cold, holy, frosty, and beautiful.Xiao Ran, who was following her, suddenly seemed a little unremarkable because of this and was ignored by everyone.A group of people gathered around to greet her again.Xia Xueqi maintained her usual icy arrogance, and nodded lightly.But when she did it, she seemed to have a cold and elegant demeanor, but when Su Mingyuan did the same thing, it seemed that he deliberately looked down on others and lost his noble qualities.Everyone in Ming City knew that they had already engaged, and the onlookers waited for a good show.It was clear that they were going to get married, but Xia Xueqi was standing next to a man named Xiao Ran.And beside Su Mingyuan, there was also a stunning girl, Xiao Ruoruo, whose appearance was not inferior to that of Xia Xueqi.Everyone stopped, lowered the volume of their speech, and their eyes drifted to this side from time to time, waiting to see a good show.Are they going to… fight?The moment the two looked at each other, their eyes couldn’t help but flash with a trace of nostalgia.Su Mingyuan had not seen her for several days since the Ferris wheel incident, and missed her very much.While Xia Xueqi also missed him all the time. Until today, in order to participate in the plot, she finally took some time to meet him.Damn Murong Hongxue, who let you target me! But now, I can still participate in the plot and meet Mingyuan; what about you?You have to obediently work overtime for me, and you can’t even see him!Xia Xueqi finally felt a gloating satisfaction in her heart.This time the two looked at each other for a short period of time because they could not let others see any flaws.Su Mingyuan had already called and discussed with her before, and they were going to act for Xiao Ran today, so that he would feel more trust towards Xia Xueqi, allowing her to use him in the future.Then, Su Mingyuan took the lead.“Xueqi, seeing your husband, I, you don’t take the initiative to come over and greet me, but there’s also a man next to you, what do you mean?” His face suddenly became gloomy, and the air around him became dignified and gloomy, as if there would be a storm at any time.“Xiao Ran is my partner; didn’t you already know that?” When did something happen between me and him? You are very possessive, didn’t you already investigate it clearly? You know that he and I are just business partners. We have never even held hands on weekdays, and you are still here, jealously attacking me? Su Mingyuan, do you really think that I am your wife, something that belongs to you alone? Then I will solemnly remind you that we are only engaged, not married yet. Addressing you as my husband? You are not worthy!”Xia Xueqi smiled coldly, glanced at Xiao Ruoruo next to Su Mingyuan, and there was a trace of coldness in her eyes. “I took my business partner to this investment dinner; this is very normal behavior, and no one can say anything about it. While you, with a woman by your side, dare complain and blame me. Su Mingyuan, you are really good.”Her contemptuous sneer suddenly aroused Su Mingyuan’s boundless anger. He stepped forward impulsively, and was about to pull her arm.While Xiao Ran, the flower protector, was watching the two quarrel from the sidelines, he finally stood up at that time.“Master Su, is it too rude to do something to a weak woman in public?”“Go away!”Su Mingyuan was so angry that he was about to push Xiao Ran away, but how could Xiao Ran be pushed?His body was only slightly shaken, and Su Mingyuan felt a strong force coming from him. The shock caused him to step back.Xiao Ran kept a calm smile on his face, in contrast to Su Mingyuan, who was full of anger and fury.He was like a polite and noble son, while Su Mingyuan seemed to be a beast in a suit.“Young Master Su, calm down. Everyone attending the dinner tonight is a powerful person. You don’t want to be laughed at by everyone, don’t you?”I have to say that Xiao Ran has made progress.Perhaps it was the words that Su Mingyuan had sternly rebuked him as his junior brother before that woke him up.As long as a discerning person looked at the current scene, they could see who was the villain and who was the protagonist.Su Mingyuan was a little relieved.Boy, you have made progress. Yes, it seems that, with your cooperation, perfect evaluation will not be able to slip away from me tonight.Pretending to be shocked by Xiao Ran’s strength, he stepped aside angrily, and glanced at him and Xia Xueqi with a hint of resentment.“Xueqi! Xiao Ran said that about you at the Blue Rose Bar before, and you still brought him to the dinner party?” He started playing the villain’s trick of alienation again.“Hasn’t he already apologized to you by admitting his mistakes? Besides, the two elders of the Ye family and the Liu family also said that he was just young, frivolous, and ignorant. If they praised him for knowing his mistakes, he would surely change in the future.”As soon as Xia Xueqi’s remarks came out, Xiao Ran’s status was raised invisibly, and everyone looked at him differently.This was a talent favored by the Ye family and the Liu family at the same time! Maybe he had now climbed onto the thighs of these two families.Su Mingyuan’s face in front of everyone looked extremely ugly, because he was completely overshadowed by Xiao Ran.Yet he was ecstatic.Xiao Ran is performing well, but Xueqi is cooperating well too. It was not in vain to arrange a date and win her heart.You see, with our prior consultation, isn’t the result just in line with our two minds?I improved my evaluation in the system, and Xueqi had a useful tool in her hands.This is simply awesome.According to his personality, Su Mingyuan was making the last desperate struggle.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Xia Xueqi, don’t tell me that you brought Xiao Ran to the dinner not only to show him the banquet but also to help him get an investor spot from Liu Mengning!”“So what?”Su Mingyuan’s expression was completely dark.