“Ruoruo, how can I ……”Su Mingyuan ignored Xiao Ran’s righteous questioning and reached out his hand beside Xiao Ruoruo’s ear to make a trumpet shape. He smiled and asked her, “…… I think I heard a dog barking beside me?”He really tried to appear like a villain for the other villain to see.Faced with his question, Xiao Ruoruo momentarily didn’t know how to reply.Because she couldn’t figure out why Su Mingyuan brought her here. She didn’t even know how she should cooperate with Su Mingyuan.Should she pretend to be scared or should she pretend to be respectful and agreeable to him?‘Forget it. In any case, Big Brother Ming Yuan said that I only needed to stand beside him and do nothing or act according to my heart. Then, I won’t do anything right now.’Thus, Xiao Ruoruo stood aside and lowered her head, falling into silence.Su Mingyuan didn’t need an answer from Xiao Ruoruo, because just the scene before his eyes was enough to provoke him.“Su Mingyuan! Let me repeat this once again. This is President Xia’s company, not a place for a hedonistic son like you to behave atrociously!”Su Mingyuan smiled as he listened to Xiao Ran’s angry roar. He nodded slightly and said to Xiao Ruoruo, “Look, Ruoruo, this dog is barking even harder when we ignore him.”Anger instantly flooded Xiao Ran like a tide, reddening his face. He, Xiao Ran, had roamed overseas. When had he ever suffered such humiliation?However, at this moment, his expression sank. The anger lurked in his heart, and his eyes were filled with silent and cold killing intent.He didn’t shout but clenched his fists, and sneered at Su Mingyuan.“Su Mingyuan, Young Master Su, if there’s anything you need to do in President Xia’s office, please make an appointment before coming to visit us. Our company doesn’t welcome idle people.”“So, if you don’t leave, as President Xia’s assistant, I feel like I need to chase away a wild dog who’s bullying her!”“Bullying?… Wild dog?”At this moment, Su Mingyuan finally turned around and looked at him disdainfully.“Xiao Ran, you seem to have made a mistake.”“I, Su Mingyuan, am the eldest young master of the Su family. I don’t need to rely on anyone’s strength, because my existence itself is a great power.”“On the contrary, you’re just an ordinary assistant. To put it bluntly, you’re just a security guard shielding the door. The reason you have the courage to bark at me like a dog here is because you’re the Xia family’s daughter, Xia Xueqi’s security guard, right?”“Xiao Ran, the wild dog that used Xia Xueqi’s power to bark at me.”“It’s clearly you!”“Su Mingyuan, you!”Xiao Ran’s fist was clenched tightly.“Also, let me tell you something else, Xiao Ran!”Su Mingyuan was unforgiving and continuously made remarks after Xiao Ran.“The power you rely on, the person you rely on—Xia Xueqi. He is my Su Mingyuan! Married! Wife! Hahahaha! You didn’t expect that, did you?”“In your heart, the person you rely on is destined to be Su Mingyuan’s woman!”“Did you just tell me that unless I make an appointment in advance, I am not allowed to enter? This company will be mine after I accept Xia Xueqi!”Su Mingyuan arrogantly opened the office door and walked towards Xia Xueqi’s seat like he was barging in his own home. Soon, he found himself a seat.He looked around and waved his fingers in the air. Then, he clenched his fists as if he was holding onto everything.“Xiao Ran, very soon, this company will be my, Su Mingyuan’s business. This office will be my, Su Mingyuan’s office and this seat will become my throne!”“When the time comes, Xia Xueqi will only be able to make a pleasant connection with me. Everything about her belongs to me!”“As for you, Xiao Ran, you’re just a guard guarding the door, a dog that Xia Xueqi raised, and something that’s not even as good as a dog. What right do you have to bark in front of me!”At this moment, his arrogance, his imposing power and his insurmountable dignity left everyone dumbfounded.Xiao Ruoruo’s eyes widened and her heart beat wildly.Xiao Ran clenched his fists so hard that they made cracking sounds. The killing intent in his eyes was about to become material.Even though he had already obtained the information from Ruoruo in advance, when he saw Su Mingyuan’s current performance, he almost lost control of his anger and wanted to rush out for blood.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comThe female employee outside the door almost peed in fear.Su Mingyuan looked at the scene in front of him and was very satisfied with his performance.He looked at Xiao Ruoruo’s shocked expression, and at Xiao Ran’s eagerness to kill.‘This is the true desire to become the best, and this is the  perfect performance suiting a villain like me.’At this moment, he had used his identity as Xia Xueqi’s fiancé to act so arrogantly in front of Xiao Ran. It made Xiao Ran feel so aggrieved and depressed. When the plot reversed and Su Mingyuan slapped him in the face, the feeling of joy that seeped out of his brain was very intense.Even he could not help but praise himself.‘My acting skills are really amazing!’“Hey, girl, where’s Xia Xueqi? Why aren’t you in the office?” Su Mingyuan asked the female employee who was scared silly.“Xia… President Xia should… She’s probably in a meeting. The female staff member was so frightened that she could not say a single word.”“Meeting? Very good, very good! You, lead the way.”Su Mingyuan got up from his seat and asked the female staff to take him to the meeting room.She was scared silly and did not dare to disobey Su Mingyuan’s orders.When he walked by Xiao Ran’s side, he slightly paused in his steps and said words that easily angered Xiao Ran.“Xiao Ran, do you know how your sister begged me to let you go yesterday?”“Unfortunately, you wasted your sister’s good intentions.”“Because you provoked me today.”Su Mingyuan pointed at Xiao Ran’s eyes and sneered.“Didn’t you like to curse me, and order me to leave this company with Xia Xueqi’s power? Then I’ll let her in the meeting room, in front of all the higher-ups, and even everyone in the company, dismiss you, this wild dog.”“Dismissal!”Su ! Ming! You’re going too far! Don’t think you can succeed!” Xiao Ran snarled.“Hahahaha! Xiao Ran, cherish this period of time when you can still be Xia Xueqi’s dog. Continue to roar, bark, and scream to your heart’s content.”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comSu Mingyuan walked towards the meeting room with a big smile, as if he didn’t care at all about Xiao Ran’s angry roar.After all, he was just a wild dog that was about to be ordered to leave the company.Xiao Ran grinded his teeth and clenched his fists so tightly that his body trembled. Only then did he suppress the flames in his heart.‘Su Mingyuan, don’t think that just by saying these words, you can completely infuriate me and make me look ugly.’‘I’m well aware of your impotence. You ca n’t do anything to Ruoruo.’‘Moreover, I contacted President Xia yesterday after I received Ruoruo’s message. She said that she would never listen to a threat from you.’‘You think you can fire me? Make me lose face in front of everyone?’‘Ridiculous!’‘A delusion!’When he saw Su Mingyuan walking towards the meeting room, he hurriedly followed him.Looking at Su Mingyuan’s arrogant back, he sneered in his heart.‘Su Mingyuan, you should show your arrogant face right now. You should be as proud as you want and as wild as you want!’‘I’ll see if you can still smile later!’***