On the stairs, there was a sudden coughing sound. Mother Su looked at the two people on the sofa with a complicated expression and spoke.“You siblings… what are you doing?”The mother’s voice was like pouring a basin of cold water, instantly extinguishing the flame in Su Xuelan’s heart.She paused and stood up awkwardly.At this moment, the expression on her face was more complicated than that of Su’s mother.“Mom, I’m… I’m playing with Mingyuan.”After being caught by her mother, she was at a loss for a while, but when she regained her senses and gradually became sober, she finally realized what a stupid thing she had done.And Su Mingyuan finally escaped Su Xuelan’s clutches with his mother’s rescue and quickly escaped from her arms. He got up from the sofa, rushed to the entrance, and put on his shoes.“Mom, I suddenly remembered that there are some urgent matters in the company, so I’m leaving first!”He was forced to get kissed by his sister and caught by his mother. Wouldn’t it be a death sentence for this situation to remain on the scene?Su Mingyuan decided to slip away.Now he really didn’t know how to face Su Xuelan and her sister.After Su Mingyuan left, Mother Su’s expression became more complicated, and she sighed deeply.She saw the scene just now. She really didn’t expect her daughter to have such deep feelings for Ming Yuan, but Ming Yuan looked very reluctant.Su Xuelan’s heart was also very disturbed at this time.Xia Xueqi’s visit today showed love for Mingyuan in front of her mother, which made her afraid that she would give up helping her because of this, and just now her mother saw her forcefully kissing Mingyuan…“Mom…” Su Xuelan glanced at Su’s mother timidly and let out a low cry.She didn’t have the slightest domineering look.Mother Su sighed again, rubbed her forehead, and said helplessly, “Forget it; I don’t care about the affairs of your juniors. I neither support nor oppose the matter between you and Mingyuan, and the competition is between you and Xueqi’s daughter. Don’t come to me for help; I will stay neutral. But Xuelan, Mom still wants to ask you: do you have to be his wife if you want to be his lifelong companion? Wouldn’t being his older sister allow you to accompany him for the rest of his life?”Su Xuelan just bit her lip, stubbornly not speaking.Su’s mother also understood her daughter’s temper. Seeing her like this, she felt helpless and angry at the same time. In the end, she could only sigh heavily.The children have grown up and have their own ideas. As a mother, I can’t control it.“Hey! I won’t say anything; just one thing: don’t hurt Mingyuan, and don’t force him to make a choice against his will. Promise me, Lan’er?”Su Xuelan was silent for a long time before she nodded slightly.Only then did Mother Su go upstairs again.In the hall on the first floor, Su Xuelan stood silently like a statue, clenched her fists, and bit her lips.She stood for a long time.For a long time.…………“Boss, order some cold noodles!”“Egg-filled pancakes with root sausage, more spicy!”On the side of the street, a roadside mobile stall sold egg-filled pancakes and baked cold noodles.Jiang Hua was busy in full swing, constantly making various flavors of grilled cold noodles and egg-filled biscuits according to the requirements of customers. With an overflowing aroma, each egg-filled biscuit and grilled cold noodles were freshly baked.It also fell into the bag with a ding-dong sound.Whenever the mobile phone said “XXX has arrived in XX yuan”, Jiang Hua would show a smile on his face.This job of earning money was tiring and hard.But as long as he could earn money, he didn’t feel tired.On the side, his younger sister, Jiang Yi, wiped her sweat from time to time while shaking her hands. Although the fifteen-year-old girl was dressed in simple clothes, she was still young and beautiful. Passing customers also praised her from time to time: “Boss, your sister is so beautiful”, “Boss, does your sister have a date?” and “Sister, add me on WeChat?”Often at this time, Jiang Hua would laugh and scold, “My sister is still studying; you people in society don’t try to trick her.” And then he added a sentence, “You can stop your mouth with such delicious food!”, and then he served steaming hot snacks in front of customers.Although this kind of life was trivial and tiring, it also made him feel warm and satisfied.It was the support of these trivial life fragments that allowed him to focus on the game wholeheartedly when he was fighting black boxing underground without being infected by the darkness.There is no way; my sister’s illness requires too much money.How can I earn enough just by selling cakes and noodles?The reason he continued to maintain such a daily life was just to explain to his sister a source of money. At the same time, it was the atmosphere of this market life that always reminded him of ordinary beauty and would not let him go down the abyss.However, the ordinary daily life he longed for would eventually be broken.This was an afternoon full of disasters for Jiang Hua.In the beginning, after meal time, the flow of people decreased, and a few hooligans and the like were eyeing his stall.These scumbags coveted their younger sister’s beauty and flirted with her while threatening to collect protection money in the open and in the dark.Although Jiang Hua frightened them a little bit, he knew in his heart that these people would not just let him go, and it was time to move to another place to set up a stall.However, very soon, more rascals and more terrifying scum than those few hooligans appeared.Xia Rongze.An arm was broken by Su Mingyuan, who pretended to be a white knight, and Xia Rongze, who was wandering in the street with a bandage, passed by his stall unexpectedly.Eyed his sister.At the same time, Su Mingyuan, who had just run away from home and was wandering casually on the street, came here unknowingly.The moment he saw Jiang Hua, he sighed in his heart.Luck!After walking casually, he ran into Jiang Hua, the loyal younger brother that Xiao Ran wanted to subdue in the next performance.There was really nothing to say.But then, the moment he saw Xia Rongze, he narrowed his eyes in disgust and finished the disguise in a corner where no one was around.This scumbag has started to do bad things again!That was a part that was not in the plot of the novel, or if Xia Rongze hadn’t been injured, maybe he wouldn’t have been recuperating at home for so many days and then happened to fall in love with Jiang Hua’s sister when he was out, creating such a contradictory plot out of thin air.