The moment Xiao Ran saw Su Mingyuan’s appearance, it was like the ice met the fire, and the irrepressible hostility appeared instantly.Especially when he was mocked like this in front of his face, his anger suddenly rose.He had a group of powerful younger brothers from abroad, and he commanded a huge influence. He had uncountable money, and had won the worship of countless people by being named the king of killers.Unexpectedly, after returning to China, every time he encountered this straw bag, he would turn angry.The king of killers was not to be humiliated!Xiao Ran looked around.If it wasn’t for now that he had a more important purpose to achieve, or if there were too many people around him and the environment was not secluded enough, he would have punched Su Mingyuan in the face long ago, and by the way, let him experience the extreme agony and pain of life and death, compelling his damn stinky mouth to never open again.Now……Xiao Ran clenched his fists and loosened them, trying to suppress the anger in his heart.‘Let’s just treat him like a clown and ignore him!’Su Mingyuan saw Xiao Ran walk aside with a look of disdain for him, and immediately became more excited.“Heh, Xiao Ran, when we met last time, I remember that you dared to muster up the courage to bark at me a few times, why are you so cowardly today?”“Oh, I see, it must be because of no owner, you poor homeless wild dog finally realises his ugliness and lowliness, knowing that if this young master can crush you to death with a single speck of dust. Damn you, so when you see this young master, you can’t help shivering until you can’t speak, right?”‘Damn Su Mingyuan, why is his mouth so stinky!’Xiao Ran’s fist clenched and loosened suddenly, and he held it back again.Su Mingyuan shook his head and said regretfully, “Tsk tsk, how pitiful, Xiao Ran. You’ve changed from a wild dog that had the courage to bark at me to a bird in a cage that is submissive. It’s really boring.”Xiao Ran’s fist clenched again.Not only because of Su Mingyuan’s ridicule, but also because of the word “Caged bird”, it reminded him of the tragic experience of his parents.However, Su Mingyuan was still taunting him, appearing next to him at this time, “By the way, let me guess what your little bird is doing here? Could it be… wanting to climb on the high branch of Murong Hongxue and recognize a new master? Well, it’s very possible.”“After all, with the power of the master, you dare to squeeze out a trace of courage to roar incompetently at me. Otherwise, you can only stand here with your head bowed, like a humble bug being trampled under my feet.”“However, do you think I will make you wish?”Su Mingyuan walked towards the waiter who was asking the manager for instructions, and ordered coldly, “You don’t need to ask the person above you for instructions. Someone like Xiao Ran is also worthy of attending the same reception as me? Your task tonight is to keep him out of the door, so that he can only watch me with envy and jealousy. Have fun, you know!”The waiter wiped the sweat from his forehead and said at a loss, “Young master Su, this, this…”“This friend.” Su Mingyuan reached out and pressed lightly on his shoulder, showing him a gentle and threatening smile.“Think about it clearly, whether to choose to keep this powerless, and ownerless stray dog ​​out of the door at no cost, or choose… to offend me!”Seeing this scene, Xiao Ran finally couldn’t hold back his anger.He can tell Su Mingyuan’s taunts were clowns talking bullshit, and he didn’t take those taunts to heart.But at this moment, Su Mingyuan’s behaviour was to make his most important purpose of coming here today be ruined.At this moment, a hearty and loud voice suddenly sounded.“Young master Su, long time no see. Your mouth is still so sharp and violent. But you call my Ye Chen’s friend a wild dog, isn’t it too disrespectful to me?”From the stairs on the second floor came a handsome man. He was wearing a white suit, with long flowing hair and star-shaped eyebrows. He didn’t look like a girl because of his long hair, but instead appeared a little heroic.One of the four big Young Masters in Ming City, the second eldest of the four big Families, Ye family, Ye Chen..Su Mingyuan finally frowned and turned his face.“Ye Chen, are you sure you want to help this wild dog out and offend me?”Ye Chen laughed out loud. “Young master Su, you are unreasonable. It was you who scolded my friend and didn’t give me a face. Why did you say that I was here to offend you?”Su Mingyuan sneered. “Ye Chen, I don’t know when you became friends with a dog.”“Young master Su, you and I are both two of the four famous gangsters in Mingjing, and both are the second children of the family. If you call my friend a dog now, you are calling me a dog too. What are you, whose status is similar to mine?” When it comes to mocking people, Ye Chen was obviously not at a disadvantage.“I’ll ask you again.”Su Mingyuan’s expression turned a little warped. He pointed at Xiao Ran and said, “Are you sure you really want to offend me for Xiao Ran?”Ye Chen’s face instantly turned cold.“Su Mingyuan, from the moment you called him a dog, didn’t you offend me first?”He walked up to Su Mingyuan, looked at him and said with a sneer,“Young master Su, I am also a member of the four major families. I am not afraid of you.”“Xiao Ran, let’s go. You are my friend. My friend wants to participate in this reception. Who dares to say that he is not qualified to attend?”Ye Chen took Xiao Ran and walked into the restaurant.Of course, the waiter at the door had no reason to stop Xiao Ran and let him in smoothly.Su Mingyuan had previously tried arrogantly to prevent Xiao Ran from entering, but was slapped on the spot by Ye Chen, who was also a member of the four major families.At this moment, his face was as black as iron.However, at this moment, Xiao Ran, who had just stepped into the restaurant, came out of it again, walked in front of him with a provocative smile, and said in a low voice, “By the way, Su Mingyuan, I forgot to mention something just now. You said that I was a wild dog abandoned by my master, but I’m afraid you don’t know?”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Xueqi took me to a dinner party a few days ago, not as her bodyguard, but as a partner. To be more precise… a male companion.”“Do you understand…what does that mean?”Although at that dinner party, Xia Xueqi just brought him in and ignored him, and she didn’t even hold his hand from beginning to end, but it didn’t prevent him from using these words to attack and ridicule Su Mingyuan.And as soon as these words came out, it really angered Su Mingyuan like a precise blow, and completely distorted his face as black as the bottom of a pot!What was adding fuel to the fire, what was throwing charcoal in the snow?At this moment, Su Mingyuan was completely slapped in the face by Xiao Ran and his friend Ye Chen!He looked distorted, as if he was completely furious with Xiao Ran’s words.‘But you hit the face of the villain, Su Mingyuan, a fictional villain I played as an actor. What does it have to do with me, Su Mingyuan?’On the contrary, when Xiao Ran finally slapped his face successfully, he sighed with joy in his heart,‘Xiao Ran, I knew that you are still the one I am familiar with.’‘Even if an actor has good acting skills, when he does not have a good opponent in this play, the whole play would only become boring, and the audience would not find it exciting.’#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com‘Moreover, after I eliminated all the variable interference, you really performed as a protagonist should!’‘you did it!’‘You didn’t let me down!’In the plot of this novel, there would be three slaps to Su Mingyuan’s face in the whole game. Now that the first time had been successful, would the second time be far behind?Thinking of this, Su Mingyuan felt confident and full of self-confidence.He also thought in advance that he must get an excellent or above evaluation this time, and he could wipe out his shame.Based on this momentum now, what else was outstanding than this?‘A perfect evaluation, isn’t it about to lie firmly in the palm of my hand?’