Inside the banquet hall’s grand celebrationUndoubtedly, Liu Mengning became the center of attention.A second-rate film and television company boss was chit-chatting with her when Su Mingyuan interrupted and shoved him away hastily.“Leave us alone, Mengning, and I have some catching up to do!”His tone was rough, and his actions were even more direct.This was Young Master Su’s way of doing things all the time. He didn’t mind if you were normally discussing business with Liu Mengning, as long as you’re a man, you shouldn’t get too close to her!As if Liu Mengning was already his woman…It was no wonder that he would only arouse Liu Mengning’s disgust in the original book.When the boss saw that it was him, how could he dare to do something? Full of resentment buried in his heart, he could only retreat angrily.Su Mingyuan turned his head, and when he faced Liu Mengning, he put on a soft, even slightly flattering expression.“Mengning, I haven’t seen you in a few days. Have you missed me?”He looked like he knew Liu Mengning well and was close to her. He even opened his arms and took the initiative to hug her.Liu Mengning took two steps back and dodged his embrace.Still, there was a one-meter gap between the two.Su Mingyuan’s smile suddenly froze.“Su Mingyuan, based on what I know, I don’t think our relationship is that good, right?” Liu Mengning said with a slight smile. Everyone could see by her actions and tone of voice that her attitude toward Su Mingyuan was cold.Everyone could see Su Mingyuan’s self-indulgence.The atmosphere was a little awkward, but Su Mingyuan didn’t flinch, shrugged his shoulders, and said, “If hugs aren’t good, handshakes are okay, right?”With a cold expression, Liu Mengning nodded slightly, curled her lips, and stretched out her jade-like arms towards him.It looked as though he was going to shake her hand out of politeness and then quickly withdraw his hand.However, when Su Mingyuan grasped her soft hand, he not only held it tightly, but also pulled it back with all his strength. Liu Mengning only felt a strong force coming from the opponent’s hand. She was caught off guard and immediately fell into his arms.Wow!The crowd around her suddenly exclaimed. Nobody expected Su Mingyuan to be so shameless and use such despicable means in front of everyone to let Liu Mengning take the initiative to embrace him.Ah!Liu Mengning also uttered a small exclamation in his arms. It seemed that she did not expect such a thing to happen when she simply shook his hand.In fact, Su Mingyuan did not expect Liu Mengning to be so weak. With a little effort, she was dragged into his arms.Just because she fell into his arms last week.However, this was not important. The important thing was that his unscrupulous behavior had undoubtedly put himself at the peak of hatred again, making his shameless and indecent villain image more vivid.Looking at the shocked expressions of those around him, the corners of his mouth turned up significantly, enjoying this attention that belonged to him. He lowered his head and gave Liu Mengning an evil smile.“Mengning, it seems that you are really dishonest. You clearly said that you don’t want to, but as soon as you shook hands with me and touched my skin, your body couldn’t help but throw itself into my arms.”“You know what?” That’s okay, since I find your dishonest cuteness adorable!He stretched out his hand and was about to approach Liu Mengning’s slender waist.Stop it!At that time, the messenger of justice, Xiao Ran, appeared as the protagonist.“Su Mingyuan, you used the excuse of shaking hands to forcibly pull Miss Liu into your arms, and everyone in the room can clearly see this. Yet, you still have the audacity to falsify the facts here.”“It’s you again, Xiao Ran.” As soon as Su Mingyuan saw him, his smile vanished. Bit by bit, his countenance turned icy, and there was a trace of hatred in his eyes.“You return as a messenger of justice so you can stand on the pinnacle of morality and exploit people to satisfy and conceal your vile thoughts and desires?” “Just like you did at the Blue Rose Bar the last time?”“At that time, it was indeed my fault for being immature, frivolous, and behaving recklessly. I sincerely apologized to you.”“But this time, your shameless behavior was witnessed by everyone. I, Xiao Ran, do not want to be the one to belittle others.I just can’t stand such shameless and indecent things, so I choose to stand up and stop you. Even if such a thing happens to other people, as long as I see it, I will also stop it. So, Su Mingyuan, let go of Miss Liu!”Xiao Ran’s righteous and solemn words drew applause from the onlookers.This wasn’t the Blue Rose Bar where Su Mingyuan could suppress everyone by holding the banner of the Su family, and not everyone here wanted to curry favor with him, fearing the power of his, Su family.The Liu family’s eldest miss and the Xia family’s eldest miss, whose status were no worse than him, were also here!In the midst of the crowd’s cheers, Xiao Ran approached Su Mingyuan with awe, as though a knight in armour came to save the princess from the evil demon dragon.At that moment, Liu Mengning, who was pulled into Su Mingyuan’s arms, finally raised her head.Her cheeks were slightly flushed, and her eyes appeared hostile and uneasy, as if she were angry.However, in the depths of those deep eyes, it appeared as though a peculiar glow was emitting.Without Xiao Ran’s heroic intervention, she shrugged off Su Mingyuan’s arm and escaped his embrace.“No need to bother, I can get rid of this scum myself.” Liu Mengning smiled at Xiao Ran, which made him feel dizzy for a moment. He turned around and looked at Su Mingyuan with a sullen face.“Su Mingyuan, do you know that your behavior will only make me feel bad about you?”After speaking, she turned around, ignored him, and pulled Xia Xueqi closer to chat. Xia Xueqi recommended Xiao Ran to her, and Liu Mengning seemed to have a favorable opinion of him, so she conversed with him cheerfully.Su Mingyuan was left out like a clown.Especially the current scene.His nominally engaged fiancée was too lazy to look at him and greet him from beginning to end, while the woman he liked had just shown obvious disgust for him.In addition to ignoring him, they conversed happily with Xiao Ran as if he did not exist.Xiao Ran’s limelight was only for a moment, and his righteous words just now aroused the goodwill of most people. But now, he was surrounded by two peerless beauties, Miss Xia and Miss Liu, as if he was the only one. At the center of the spotlight, he was the master of the world.Out of the corner of his eye, he caught a glimpse of Su Mingyuan’s gritted and resentful expression. Xiao Ran felt very happy, and his heart swelled up with pride unconsciously. Power, beauty, fame, money… At that moment, he felt as if he really had all this in his hands.Just wait, tonight is the time for you to continue to grit your teeth incompetently and violently, Young Master Su!