As Su Mingyuan’s words fell, it appeared as though a big invisible hand was coming towards him.The sense of being besieged and oppressed that Xiao Ruoruo had previously felt because of Su Mingyuan’s remarks — this feeling was now clearly obvious on Xiao Ran.Deep, oppressive, with no way out.A cage made of money and power.Xiao Ran smiled.This made him burst out laughing as he looked at Su Mingyuan, like he was some sort of hilarious clown.“Hahahaha! Su Mingyuan, you want me to get down on my knees and admit my mistake? Weeping loudly under your feet, begging for forgiveness?!”“I’ll tell you!”“I was born to kneel before heaven, earth, and my parents — but I will never kneel to such a shameless bastard! A monster like you!”Given the fact that he had lived abroad for so many years and had experienced multiple incidents of blood and fire, Xiao Ran considered Su Mingyuan’s threat to be, at the very least, ridiculous.He once caused a turbulent storm in the sea of ​​Somalia, and once assassinated an important minister of the United States.He had endured many hardships of life and death, and his unparalleled reputation earned him the title “King of Assassins” in the world’s most feared assassins’ ranking.So why would he be intimidated by Su Mingyuan’s threat?He couldn’t care less if Su Mingyuan used money and power to oppress him! If he really dared to do this to him, he, Xiao Ran, would break this so-called cage with both hands!“Su Mingyuan, I don’t believe you’re capable of covering the sky in the entertainment industry, and my sister’s dream will not be destroyed just because of your words!”“Trying to use this ridiculous threat to force me and my sister to submit?”“In your dreams!”Xiao Ran appeared tall and handsome in Xiao Ruoruo’s eyes at this moment.In Su Mingyuan’s eyes, Xiao Ran appeared to be conceited and arrogant.Good!Very good!Very energetic!That’s how he should be!Seeing Xiao Ran’s appearance, Su Mingyuan was sincerely happy and couldn’t help but applaud him in his heart.Although I don’t know what went wrong with Xiao Ruoruo, Xiao Ran fortunately hadn’t changed at all.“Well, you arrogant jerk! Settle your damages for breaking into my company, harming my people, and destroying my property before you make any more shameless remarks. Because if you don’t, you won’t be able to leave today.”He pointed at the surveillance camera above his head as he lifted his hand. With a triumphant smile on his face, Su Mingyuan said, “Everything you did just now was monitored and recorded. It will be as simple as a palm if I use this as proof to contact the police and have you locked up for a month or two.”“Either you immediately compensate me for my losses, or you can go to jail and reflect on it!”“But you don’t have to worry,” Su Mingyuan looked at Xiao Ran, still smiling, “After you are detained, I’ll take care of your sister, Xiao Ruoruo. I promise to look after her diligently, lovingly, and carefully in all respects.”Su Mingyuan’s smile appeared so shameless in Xiao Ran’s eyes that it was just a villain’s face that had become too hateful to be hateful.“Or, you can choose to compensate me for my losses.”Su Mingyuan pointed at his two bodyguards lying on the ground, “Their medical expenses will be 500,000 yuan each,”Then he pointed at the door that was broken by Xiao Ran, “This door was made of high-grade wood and was carefully designed by a well-known foreign designer, so it’ll be one million,”“Oh, that’s right! Your sister’s signed contract with us entitles you 500,000 in breach of the contract — giving you a grand total of 2.5 million yuan!”“Xiao Ran, if you can come up with so much money, I’ll let you go for the time being. Otherwise…”Su Mingyuan walked towards him, smiling coldly like a poisonous snake, “Otherwise you can stay in prison obediently and watch how I take care of Ruoruo.”“Su Mingyuan! You’re going too far!”Xiao Ran was furious.Two and a half million yuan!Su Mingyuan made it clear that his conditions were difficult to meet, and he even insulted him by using numbers such as 2.5 million yuan to show this.He clenched his hands with his chi rushing into his fists like fire and his blue veins were about to burst out, he couldn’t help but want to hit him.Su Mingyuan looked at his angry appearance and sneered at him.“Xiao Ran, everyone is watching the surveillance. Want to hit me? Go on! Believe it or not, if you punch me, half of you and your sister’s lives will be lost.”This was an example of the significance of authority.As the young master of the Su family, it was too easy for Su Mingyuan to ruin the rest of a person’s life with conclusive evidence.Even though Xiao Ran had been successful abroad, he had only returned recently to China and had no footing, so he could only suppress his rage and endure Su Mingyuan’s humiliation for the time being.Even so, his heart was already full of rage, and his hatred for Su Mingyuan was very compelling.In other words, if not for Xiao Ruoruo’s unusual circumstances, Su Mingyuan’s performance would have been even more outstanding.Under Su Mingyuan’s mocking gaze, Xiao Ran clenched his teeth and said, “Okay, I will… pay two and a half million yuan!”This was the only time he was embarrassed in front of Su Mingyuan, and it also laid the groundwork for him to seize the Su family foundation in the future, constantly hitting Su Mingyuan in the face and killing him.In this part, the plot should progress, and everything should generally be consistent with the overall setting of the original novel.But at this moment, Xiao Ruoruo, who had been protected behind Xiao Ran, suddenly popped out and said,“President Su, if… if I am willing to stay and continue to be your intern secretary, can you kindly forgive my brother’s rudeness just this once?”As soon as these words came out, Su Mingyuan and Xiao Ran were both shocked!“Ruoruo, what are you talking about?!” Xiao Ran hurriedly took Xiao Ruoruo’s hand and persuaded her, “How can you submit to this monster for me! Two and a half million… I’ve worked hard abroad over the years, I can still get the money. You don’t need to do this at all!”Compared with Xiao Ran, Su Mingyuan was even more shocked in his heart and felt a tinge of panic.Something is wrong, everything is wrong!This Xiao Ruoruo was indeed a significant problem. Obviously, everything was going according to the novel’s plot, but then she showed up and ruined my performance.This… how can I go on with this?Anyway, I could only… I could only continue to perform according to my villain character!Thus, Su Mingyuan appeared to have been astonished and proudly smiled at Xiao Ran.“Hahahaha! If Ruoruo is willing to stay and be my obedient little secretary, how about I forget your brother’s impulsive confrontation today?”On the other side, Xiao Ran was still anxiously persuading Xiao Ruoruo, but when she heard Su Mingyuan’s words, she seemed to have completely firmed up her determination and agreed.“Then… then I am thankful to President Su.”Hearing this, Xiao Ran’s face suddenly changed drastically, like he had eaten shit.Suddenly, it seemed that he was wearing a green hat on top of his head.“Ruoruo, what were you thinking?! I will never allow you to work under this monster!”Xiao Ruoruo smiled lightly, “President Su, could you give me a little time to persuade my brother?”Su Mingyuan waved his hand, “Yes.”So Xiao Ruoruo pulled Xiao Ran out of the office, and the two of them talked in a low voice in the corner of the company corridor.As soon as Xiao Ruoruo left, Su Mingyuan, whose face was full of triumph, suddenly changed his expression, as if he had eaten shit!“It should’ve ended successfully, but Xiao Ruoruo suddenly popped out of nowhere and said that she was willing to continue to be my secretary.”“This… This is not in line with the plot of the original novel!”“Why would the pure and kind Xiao Ruoruo, the uncompromising Xiao Ruoruo, do such a thing?”“In the end, what went wrong? What’s the problem with her?”