“Ruoruo, I’m leaving. Be good, don’t think too much. Nothing will happen between me and Xia Xueqi.”Su Mingyuan pinched her smooth and tender face and said with a smile.“Brother Mingyuan!”At the entrance of the villa, Ruoruo plucked up her courage and reached out to gently grab the corner of his clothes. She raised her reluctant little face, “You…… You must come back early ……”“Don’t worry, I’ll definitely come back tonight.” Su Mingyuan rubbed her little head and turned around to get into the car.When the Rolls Royce left the villa and headed towards the lakeside restaurant that was booked in advance.Su Xuelan’s expression was somewhat ugly.She knew why her brother had asked the driver to drive him to the restaurant by the lake, and Xia Xueqi had left the Xia family at about the same time and that she had left after carefully dressing up.#pleasereadthechapteratwondernovels.comShe didn’t need to think to know what was about to happen.She, a good sister, must have been provoked by her the night before yesterday, so she could not help but use some unknown excuse to invite Mingyuan out.No, it was better to say that she had already made such a plan when she called Mingyuan that night.However, she didn’t expect Su Xuelan to answer the phone. Instead, she was so angry that she hung up the phone without saying a few words.In other words……Even if I didn’t go to talk to Mingyuan that night and I don’t provoke her, today’s date would still happen.As for me, I could only watch once again, and miss the opportunity to be intimate with Mingyuan……This scheming woman!Su Xuelan gritted her teeth.She couldn’t sit still any longer!When Su Mingyuan and Xia Xueqi were about to arrive at the lakeside restaurant, she also got into the car and instructed the driver to drive her to the place where the two of them were dating.And even earlier.At 9:55 a.m.Xiao Ran arrived at the Fairview building five minutes earlier.What surprised him was that Murong Hongxue was already waiting for him.Murong Hongxue, who was sitting at the head seat, gave him an invisible pressure from her aura.The sunlight in the room formed a distinct line that covered her face in the shadows, making it impossible to see her expression. On the contrary, it made people even more fearful.Seeing him enter, Murong Hongxue coldly glanced at him, her tone cold and contemptuous, “Hmph! If it weren’t for your mysterious junior brother asking me for a good word and making some deals with me, I wouldn’t have bothered to give you a chance to seek peace. Sit down.”#pleasereadthechapteratwondernovels.comHowever, Xiao Ran had no time to care about Murong Hongxue’s cold and contemptuous attitude.That was because the first thing she said shocked him, and his heart was filled with shock.Junior brother?!When did I, Xiao Ran, ever have a Junior Brother?So…… Wait, is that mysterious white-robed knight suit claiming to be my junior brother?Was it because he didn’t know what price he paid to Murong Hongxue that he helped me facilitate this negotiation?For a moment, his mind was filled with thoughts, and his mind was unable to calm down like a tsunami.Thinking of those two lines of words on the slip of paper yesterday, it was written the name of the old Daoist who taught him the divine technique, or perhaps his master, and the divine technique he cultivated……Could it be……This mysterious white-robed man who made him unable to sleep at night was the one who had learned the Heavenly Creation of Pure Jade Divine skill from his master, which was why he called himself my Junior Brother and came to help me?However, he clearly remembered that when he was ten years old, his master Li Wuya’s lifespan had already run out. He closed his eyes to rest, and even his body turned into a white streak of light and disappeared……Wait!His body turned into a streak of white light and disappeared……The note left: Immortal Master Li Wuya……Could it be……His mind was suddenly greatly shaken at this moment. A seemingly absurd but also extremely reasonable guess suddenly appeared in his mind……“Xiao Ran!” Murong Hongxue’s cold and cruel voice suddenly pulled him back to reality, “I gave you a chance to apologise and convince me, but you didn’t show me any respect at all!”Murong Hongxue’s eyes turned cold, “It seems that there is no need for this negotiation to continue.”Only then did Xiao Ran suddenly react. He was clearly the one who had asked for help, the one who was in a weak position. However, the moment he entered, he was shocked by these words and stood there in a daze for a long time!He could only quickly put on a smile and apologise to Murong Hongxue. He also had his subordinate Nick immediately bring over the important gifts, which made Murong Hongxue’s expression slightly relaxed, allowing him to have the right to sit down.Xiao Ran sat down with a flattered expression, but his fists unconsciously clenched tightly.He, the King of Assassins, had traversed the world for so many years. When had he ever been so wronged, to actually put on a smile towards a woman!But……After all, this was an opportunity that Junior Brother had finally obtained for him, so he had to restrain himself.If he couldn’t bear to do this, then he would be in trouble. Right now, he had people to ask for, so he naturally had to act like he was asking for people.At this moment, he had basically believed the guess he had just made in his mind, treating the mysterious white-robed man as his junior brother who had come to help him.He couldn’t let his junior brother’s hard work be wasted!Not to mention……When he first arrived abroad, he had been bullied and angered.He would temporarily endure it for a while. When the future came to fruition, he would double the humiliation he had suffered today!Next, Xiao Ran and Murong Hongxue discussed with each other about their plans to start a security business in the Ming city, trying to obtain her first offer……“You can open a security company. If you want to carry out a security business, you can do as you please. But you want my people to not cause trouble and not disturb your business ……”#pleasereadthechapteratwondernovels.comMurong Hongxue coldly smiled and reached out a number, “We’ll split the profits from your security business.”Thirty percent?!Xiao Ran didn’ t expect Murong Hongxue to have such a huge appetite. She didn’t need to do anything, but if she let her subordinates interfere with his business, would she eat thirty percent of his harvest for nothing?But……It wasn’t impossible.He didn’t carry out his security business for the sake of that bit of money, but for the sake of making connections and weaving power networks.“Alright, thirty percent, right? I…… Agreed!”Xiao Ran thought for a moment before gritting his teeth and choosing to accept.Murong Hongxue suddenly laughed softly at this moment. Her laughter was cold and even revealed a trace of undisguised contempt“Xiao Ran, you seem to have made a mistake.”She stretched out her finger, pointed at Xiao Ran indifferently, and then pointed at herself.“Three percent, that’s yours.”“Seventy percent is mine.”“Murong Hongxue! You don’t have to pay anything, yet you dare to take 70% of my income?!”Hearing this, Xiao Ran was furious, he stood up in a flash, his fists clenched hard, and his eyes were full of anger.“You can also choose to go against me, Xiao Ran.”Murong Hongxue looked at him contemptuously, with a hint of icy sneer at the corner of her mouth, “But if that’s the case… you won’t even get 30% of your income, right?”***