‘Su Xuelan!’‘How did she end up here?’Xiao Ruoruo clearly remembered all the contents of Su Mingyuan’s diary from her past life, so she knew that in the original plot, Su Xuelan would not appear at this point in time at all.At the same time, Su Xuelan, who had just arrived, also shrank sharply when she saw Xiao Ruoruo.But then she ignored Xiao Ruoruo and anxiously entered the office through the broken door.“Mingyuan, I heard you had a conflict with someone?”“Are you alright? Also, who is the girl outside your door?”Su Mingyuan looked upset when he raised his head. When Su Xuelan came into his office, his already depressed mood got even worse.He was totally confused.He went into the same state of confusion that he had when he first observed Xiao Ruoruo’s change.‘What’s going on?’At this point in time, Su Xuelan should not appear in the plot at all.“Overlord! What exactly are you planning on doing to me?”He uncomfortably poured himself a glass of wine, gulped it down, and then said, “A blind bastard broke into my office, destroyed my door and beat my people, but I was fine. Oh, the girl outside the door is my newly recruited intern secretary, Xiao Ruoruo, and the one who caused the trouble was her brother. ”“A little bastard can hurt even your bodyguard? These people are useless. Although you’ve provided them with money, they’ve taken no action. ” Su Xuelan frowned and continued, “After the medical expenses are paid, dismiss them, and I will find you a professional bodyguard.”“Also..” She looked at Xiao Ruoruo, who had a beautiful appearance, and said coldly, “Since the little bastard who caused trouble is Xiao Ruoruo’s brother, you give her some money, and send her away. We have no idea whether or not that troublemaker will appear again.”After hearing this, Su Mingyuan was not happy.Replacing those two bodyguards would never work; instead, he was willing to send Xiao Ruoruo away.Because in the following plot, Xiao Ran would pay one of the two bodyguards named Li Cheng to go undercover.Then, every time Su Mingyuan would secretly scheme against Xiao Ran, the bodyguard would accurately report back to Xiao Ran.Moreover, no one would reveal Sui Mingyuan’s plot to Xiao Ran if the undercover person were changed.‘No, she must not replace his bodyguards!’“Big sister, you claimed that you are looking for a professional bodyguard for me, but the truth is you are looking for someone to keep an eye on me. Sorry, but your plan will never work.”Su Mingyuan immediately expressed his firm opposition.At the same time, Xiao Ruoruo also bravely stood up and said,“Su… President Su’s sister. President Su and my brother have already talked about this. It’s just a misunderstanding… And I, I need this internship experience very much, so please don’t let President Su fire me…”When she said this, her eyes were slightly red, and the corners of her mouth pouted a little in grievance. It was hard to resist her pitiful face.Su Xuelan supported her forehead, suspecting that she had heard wrongly.Not only Su Mingyuan opposed her, he also held Xiao Ruoruo’s words in high regard.Originally, when she saw Xiao Ruoruo earlier, she still had some doubts in her mind. But seeing her performance at this time, she immediately confirmed the speculation she had in mind.Sure enough, she is too…Ignoring Xiao Ruoruo, she looked at Su Mingyuan, and said in a gentle tone like the elder sister caring for her younger brother.“Alright. If you don’t want the bodyguard I want to give you. But Mingyuan, you have to remember that you are the only seedling of our Su family and the younger brother of mine, Su Xuelan, so you must pay attention to your own safety and take precautions.Not only must you guard against the knife from the front, but also be careful of the knife attacking from the back.”When she said this, she looked at Xiao Ruoruo vaguely and continued, “Beautiful women are everywhere, but there are very few handsome and rich men like you. Don’t be deceived by others because of their beauty tricks. ”Su Mingyuan looked at Su Xuelan in astonishment, not expecting such words would come out of her mouth.He didn’t expect her to speak to him in such a gentle tone.He had known that she had always been dissatisfied with his unlearned and unruly behavior, and then gradually was disappointed, but the tone of her voice now was sympathetic and caring.Not only did it make him feel uncomfortable, but it also made goosebumps rise within him.“Sister, you…… can you stop talking to me like that?”“What’s wrong with me talking like this?”“You don’t usually speak to me so gently.”“You are my brother; if I am not gentle with you, then who should I be gentle with?” Su Xuelan picked up a strand of broken hair around her ear and smiled slightly.‘No… not right!’‘Another person has a problem!’Su Mingyuan looked at her gentle smile, but his heart was trembling.Su Xuelan appeared when she shouldn’t have appeared, and was so gentle to him, so concerned and compromised…..According to her previous personality, as soon as she comes in, she should criticise him violently and blame him for causing trouble, and wouldn’t care if he was hurt or not.Not to mention that as soon as he objected to her placing a bodyguard, she compromised and agreed .Where did that same strong look that she had shown me last week go?Facing such an odd Su Xuelan, Su Mingyuan felt a panic and nervousness in his heart.“Sister, it’s not early in the morning, or … or you should go back and rest first. ”“Okay. as long as you’re not hurt, I’m relieved,” Su Xuelan replied with a smile, glancing at his uneasy expression.Then, in Su Mingyuan’s stunned expression, she reached out her hand and gently stroked his cheek, and her watery eyes looked at him with great tenderness and she said,“Mingyuan, you don’t actually have to be so afraid of me. My previous harshness towards you was just a kind of my frustration against you for failing my expectations. But you have to understand that I am your sister, your blood relative, I care about you, I love you. ”“In the past few days, I have also reflected on the reason for the tension between us, which is that I was too harsh on you before. But in the future I will not be like this. Mingyuan, you are my brother, if I am not gentle with you, then who can I be gentle with?”Her slender and warm fingers gently rubbed Su Mingyuan’s face, her eyes showed infinite love, but Su Mingyuan’s heart suddenly turned upside down because of this.‘Su…… Su Xuelan, did you know what you were talking about!?’‘Was this what my supposed older sister who silently watched me die in my previous life should say?!’‘You should be disappointed in me, feel hopeless, how could you care so much about me, and be so gentle!’‘I…… I didn’t want such a sister who cared about me and was gentle with me. Return the Su Xuelan who didn’t like me even a little bit from before!’“Mingyuan, I am your sister, and I was born with the responsibility of protecting you and shielding you from the wind and rain.” Su Xuelan looked at him affectionately and continued, “You can rest assured, as long as I am here, no one will be able to hurt you in the future.” ”After saying this, she gracefully got up and walked towards Xiao Ruoruo.“You are Mingyuan’s new intern secretary, right? You come with me. I have something to talk to you about. ”When Su Xuelan and Xiao Ruoruo left Su Mingyuan’s office, Su Mingyuan sat slumped in his chair with a weary expression and kept repeating two words in his mouth.“Wronged, wronged…”[ADVANCED CHAPTERS:CLICK HERE]