Xiao Ran came over and said, but he was only halfway through his words when he saw Xia Xueqi’s red cheeks which hadn’t yet lost their glow.He was suddenly shocked and couldn’t say a word. He just stood there in a daze. The gaze he used to stare at her became intoxicated and obsessed.Xia Xueqi always had a cold and arrogant attitude. She always had a cold look on her face, and her eyes were even colder. Everyone thought she was as cold as ice.After Xia Xueqi smiled, only Xiao Ran saw how beautiful she was. Just a quick glance at the corner of her slightly upturned lips was all it took to make him fall in love with her.However, even he had never seen Xia Xueqi like this!Xiao Ran came over and said something, but he had to stop when he saw that Xia Xueqi’s cheeks were still red and glowing.He was so shocked that he couldn’t say anything. He just stood there without moving. The way he used to look at her made him drunk and crazy.Xia Xueqi was always cold and full of himself. She always looked cold, and her eyes were even colder than her face. All of her friends thought she was as cold as ice.After Xia Xueqi smiled, only Xiao Ran saw how beautiful she was. Just a quick glance at the corner of her slightly upturned lips was all it took to make him fall in love with her.However, even he had never seen Xia Xueqi like this!At that very moment, his heart started beating very fast.Obviously, the junior brother had already reminded and reprimanded her, but at that moment, Xia Xueqi was the only one in his eyes. What kind of revenge plan?She had already been cautioned and scolded by the younger brother, but just then Xia Xueqi was the only one who mattered in his eyes. The nature of your vengeance plot?Her striking beauty and heartbreaking presence had been pressing it into his heart for a moment.He kept looking at Xia Xueqi’s pretty face, and eventually he fell in to her alluring charm.This was a sight he would never forget as long as he lived.“Xueqi, why do you…”These words came out slowly and painfully from his mouth.Xia Xueqi frowned slightly. Even when she frowned, her beauty captivated people.She held her wine glass carefully in her hand and said, “I’m not very good at drinking, and I tend to blush when I drink…”“……then Xueqi, you’d better try not to drink with outsiders in the future.”Xiao Ran looked worried, but in his mind,I don’t think I consider as an outsider. If it were just Xueqi and me, I might find a reason to let her drink, so that I can appreciate her appearance again…It was a pity that he didn’t know that these delusions of his would never come true. Xia Xueqi made up an excuse casually, but he took it seriously.He composed himself down and didn’t want to look like a pig in front of Xia Xueqi, thus he changed topic and asked, “Xueqi, do you know why Su Mingyuan isn’t in this hall right now?”His lips pulled up in a smug grin as he said, “This guy was so frustrated with the two of us just now, and now he is hiding in a small room in the side hall, sulking all by himself! I just heard the sound of a broken cup as I walked by. I think that person seems to be..very furious, Haha!”“Yes, he is, indeed, very incompetent…”Xia Xueqi nodded slightly in agreement, watching the strange brilliance in the depths of Xiao Ran’s eyes. She just felt that the scene in front of her was a little funny.So, the corner of her mouth slightly raised by 0.01 centimetres, evoking a very shallow and very faint smile.Xiao Ran couldn’t stop looking at her again. At that moment, his heart was pounding hard, and the loud noise in his heart was like a big drumbeat or the roar of thunder.It took less than two days for Su Mingyuan’s severe reprimand in front of him as a knight in white and as a Junior Brother, to wake him up. But, at that moment, he completely collapsed in front of Xia Xueqi’s faint smile.Perhaps these words made Xiao Ran’s attitude and pursuit towards Liu Mengning really light, and he did not have such a deep obsession.However, for him now, the great cause of revenge is very important, and it was the highest priority.But Xueqi was also very important to him and held a very important place in his heart.And Ruoruo was just as important as his Junior Brother!He would do his best to balance his work and his personal life!In a small room off the hall.Ruoruo, who occupied a very important position in Xiao Ran’s heart, was currently acting like a baby in Su Mingyuan’s arms.That little head, which was completely unwilling to be touched by Xiao Ran, was lovingly arching, and rubbing in Su Mingyuan’s arms.“Brother Mingyuan, I want to do what you and sister Xueqi did behind my back just now!”She hid her head in his arms, put her two small hands on his chest, and begged in a coquettish way. She appeared bold and shy at the same time.Su Mingyuan thought for a while. Anyway, he was like Xueqi, and he was doomed not to get a perfect evaluation. Then it would be nothing if he came with Ruoruo again.Anyway, I can’t get a perfect evaluation, so I can still get excellent?And there is no difference between once and twice, right?Huh? Suddenly I found out, why did my expectations drop lower and lower?It’s all because Xueqi is charming and Ruoruo looks so cute in her arms…Su Mingyuan complained in his heart, but his body obediently catered to Ruoruo who stood on tiptoes and raised her face to kiss him. Henbegan to practise skilled movements.Again.Since it was hard to say no, why not just have fun?In the dressing room.Liu Mengning was holding her mobile phone, looking at the screen on the surveillance.Xia Xueqi and Su Mingyuan, Ruoruo and Su Mingyuan…This hotel was owned by the Liu family, and her brother Liu Yi gave it to her in secret a long time ago.In other words, she was the owner of this hotel, and as long as she wanted to know about any troubles that happen here, no one could hide them from her eyes and ears.“Everyone… is working hard.”Looking at their intimate scenes on the screen of the mobile phone, those pictures that made people blush, she showed a bright and beautiful smile.“That’s great, that’s great.”She put her cell phone away, stood up, and gave herself a smile in the mirror to cheer herself up.“I want to… Come on.”At seven o’clock in the evening, the banquet officially began!Everyone gathered in the hall, and Su Mingyuan came out of the small room and led Ruoruo to the center of the room.On the high platform, the lights were shining, and Liu Mengning appeared in a costume, attracting countless focused eyes.The real female protagonist had finally appeared on the stage. She had a peerless appearance, a brilliant and charming dress.The daughter of the Liu family, the youngest actress in Hua Country, who was sought after by countless young people, and had an unparalleled invincible fanbase….Identity, status…At that moment, she was the most shining star in the venue. She was so dazzling and charming that as soon as she appeared, everyone in the venue could only see her figure.She seemed to be the centre of the world, she was radiating light all over her body. The world revolved around her, even the sun shone brighter because of her.When Ruoruo saw how bright Liu Mengning was, her eyes lit up, as if she were remembering when she was a singer and got everyone’s attention in the same way.Xiao Ran’s heart was suddenly bumped, and the impulse to fall in love with Liu Mengning at first sight surged from the bottom of his heart.He looked at the equally stunning Xueqi beside him, and thought of the warning words from his Junior Brother before, and finally reluctantly gave up this impulse.Even with the help of the lights, Xiao Ran still had a hard time taking his eyes off of her. It wasn’t that Xia Xueqi wasn’t pretty enough; it was just that, at that time, Liu Mengning was the most beautiful person in the room because of many things, like the way the lights were set up. The clever one!Su Mingyuan stared at Liu Mengning, who was dressed up, and couldn’t help but tremble in his heart.The plot was about to reach its real peak. Just now, he got into something with Xueqi and Ruoruo in the small room off the side hall. For the next performance, he needs to do his best and take it with all his strength. Leave an excellent review!He stared with burning eyes at the beautiful and charming Liu Mengning, thinking to himself, “Mengning, I believe in you. I think you will be able to work with me to make an excellent or even perfect performance.”Everyone was watching her with eager anticipation, hoping to get a response from this world-renowned young actress.There were too many people, too many expecting gazes, and they were projected on Liu Mengning’s body. Wherever she pauses or swept her gaze, the crowd there would make a slight noise in the silence, and their eyes would instantly twitch.But, Liu Mengning did not deliberately do this to cause commotion and ignite the fiery atmosphere of the venue.She just walked to the very centre of the stage and stood there. In the eyes of countless people who were looking forward to and eager to get a response.She looked down silently across the high platform, staring deeply in that direction, staring at the man standing in the crowd.Her sweetheart.Her white moonlight.