“President Su, I don’t know how to drink…”“Well, now you will know,” said Su Mingyuan, shoving the edge of the cup firmly towards her lips.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Also, you don’t have to address me as President Su when we are alone.”“You must address me as Master.”“Do you understand? Now, open your mouth!”The crystal clear edge of the glass was pressed against Xiao Ruoruo’s lips. The wine swishing in the glass reflected Su Mingyuan’s attractive and sinister face, that was like a vicious dragon that had opened its gigantic mouth in a blatant attempt to eat the people in front of him.She could not resist.Xiao Ruoruo was forced to open her mouth.Her quite attractive and moist lips gently brushed against the edge of the glass, tempting him to kiss.Under Su Mingyuan’s heated gaze, the red wine slid down her lips, showing off her pearly white teeth behind those red lips, and a slightly discernible pinkish tongue in the deepest area.Xiao Ruoruo drank the red wine, savoring every sip.This experience is truly astounding!It’s no wonder that people prefer to play villains!“Cough..Cough!”Xiao Ruoruo coughed uncomfortably after drinking a glass of wine all at once. She clutched her chest as if she had been choked.After drinking the wine, she felt as if a fire had been abruptly lit in her stomach, leaving her with a burning sensation and a peculiar blush forming on her supple face.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comShe doesn’t drink alcohol and doesn’t like to drink alcohol.Even if a glass of wine in front of her was worth a thousand dollars or a mouthful of wine was equal to a month’s wage for the average person like her, she felt wine was truly a bad thing to drink.However, Su Mingyuan had already poured her another glass of wine.“Ruoruo, I like to see a beauty like you drunk in my arms, so come and have another glass of wine.”With another glass of wine in his hand, Su Mingyuan listened to her speak again in a calm way, but her eyes were filled with unwillingness.“President Su, I’m really not a drinker…”“President Su? You…… still call me President Su?! ”Su Mingyuan’s eyes sank. He reached out with his hand and pinched her chin, “Xiao Ruoruo, you said you will do what I order, but your actions don’t match your words.”He was still whispering softly a second ago, but in the blink of an eye, his face was filled with ruthlessness and his two fingers gripped Xiao Ruoruo’s cheek, causing her pain.“It looks like I must enlighten you of the consequences of offending me. One is to whip you, so you understand that you have no right to refuse in front of me. You will learn how to crawl under my feet in order to become an obedient lamb!”Xiao Ruoruo’s eyes trembled under his fierce assault, as if she were facing a terrible and violent terrifying beast from the depths of hell. She couldn’t muster the slightest courage to resist.She bit her lip and admitted her mistake.“I…… I know I am wrong. I’ll drink.”Only then did Su Mingyuan let go of her chin, stuff the glass of wine into Xiao Ruoruo’s hand, and sat back in his boss’s chair with a big grin. He watched her raise the wine glass, open her mouth, and then forcibly drink the red wine slowly.“Cough… cough!”She really felt uncomfortable, as if she were intolerant to alcohol. She coughed violently, her skin flushed from alcohol, and the corners of her eyes teared up.Su Mingyuan did not care about her discomfort, but instead he was satisfied with her behaviour and even clapped his palms and said, “Very good, very good. As long as you are obedient to me, I will not hesitate to reward you.”“Aren’t you dreaming of becoming a bright star, perhaps you have heard about the new movie that Liu Mengning is working on? I will become her investor soon, and there will be no problem putting you into the movie as a third supporting actress or fourth, as long as you…”He stood up and gently stroked Xiao Ruoruo’s face, “…listen to me obediently. ”“I… I got it. I thank Master…Master…in order to express my sincere gratitude to Master, I…would like to offer a toast to Master. ”Xiao Ruoruo took the initiative to pour a glass of wine and hand it to Su Mingyuan.“I don’t mind if you give me toasts, but…”Su Mingyuan did not take the wine glass, but instead held her chin softly with his hand, “…the wine in the glass has lost its taste.”“What I want to drink is the fine wine that was fed from the mouth of a beautiful woman like you. ”Su Mingyuan looked down at Xiao Ruoruo’s beautiful face, and slowly showed a desperate smile.This time, no matter how patient Xiao Ruoruo is, she would not be able to bear it, right?Will she really obey his orders and feed him mouth-to-mouth the wine?Of course not!She is not a weak little white rabbit. She has been tough since she grew up in an orphanage.Even if she pretended to be a little white rabbit, her acting is not that great.She couldn’t even address him as Master properly.Sure enough, Su Mingyuan, who looked at her closely, noticed a hint of rage in Xiao Ruoruo’s trembling eyes.Sure enough, she didn’t submitHow could she submit to such a shameless villain as himself?Su Mingyuan noticed that the wine glass she was holding was slightly swaying, causing the wine to ripple in a circle.What will she do?Will she furiously splash the wine to his face?Or break the wine glass and use the sharp fragments of glass as a weapon to protect herself or threaten me?In any case, he had been mentally prepared.He is the villain who is used to being slapped in the face by the protagonist, and to show the protagonist’s perseverance.So, Xiao Ruoruo, what will you do?Seeing the flames burning in Xiao Ruoruo’s eyes getting stronger and stronger, Su Mingyuan decided to put out the fire. He asked, “Xiao Ruoruo, don’t you want to give me the toast? Why don’t you come and feed the wine to me?”Xiao Ruoruo’s hand on the wine glass tightened. She raised the glass and stared at Su Mingyuan without blinking. Her expression was full of anger and seemed to be mixed with more complex emotions.She said, “Okay.”The scarlet wine flowed through her honey-sweet lips and pearl-like pure white teeth. She raised her head, stood on tiptoe and kissed Su Mingyuan fiercely with an unbelievable expression!Su Mingyuan wanted to drink a fine wine that was more fragrant and delicious than those precious wines so she delivered it to him.Su Mingyuan asked her to feed it with her mouth so she fed it to him with her mouth.She is not a weak little white rabbit, not a weak woman who can be blackmailed by others with a few words.She never was.She opened her eyes wide and was delighted to see Su Mingyuan’s wide-eyed eyes, the look of surprise on his face. She slowly poured the wine from her mouth down into his mouth.At this moment, she was now looking down at Su Mingyuan.The mellow wine was excellent, but Su Mingyuan didn’t have time to enjoy it.His body stiffened, his mind went blank, and only incomprehensible screams could be heard within.How is this possible?!How is this possible?!The Xiao Ruoruo I know, the Xiao Ruoruo I knew, would never have been able to do such an act!How could she have been so stubborn as to kiss a villain!?Meanwhile, there was a loud banging outside the door, followed by the sound of someone pounding the door hard.Bang! Bang!“Ruoruo, are you okay? I will come to save you right away! ”There was an anxious shout from a man outside the door.Xiao Ran, the male protagonist of this world has finally come.