“Ruoruo, do you see what I mean?” Su Xuelan asked and looked at Xiao Ruoruo.In her mind, Xiao Ruoruo would definitely obey her and leave Mingyuan’s side for Mingyuan’s sake.Xiao Ruruo, on the other hand, raised her head and smiled at her.“Big sister Lan, I know that for President Su’s sake, we should have kept the show going with him, but… I still choose to continue to be President Su’s intern secretary.”Not only did she not choose to leave, but she directly started calling herself his secretary.“Ruoruo you…!” Su Xuelan opened her mouth in surprise.“Big sister Lan, there is actually a loophole in what you just said.”Xiao Ruoruo smiled and said, “For the safety of President Su’s life, we must ensure that all the plot that he’s supposed to be in, they’re supposed to be in at the right time. So, just make sure those things happen, and the rest of the details don’t matter.”“For example, the next time there will be a scene in the plot, President Su and I will appear and frame me and my brother. President Su will go to my school to pester me and order someone to take fake photos to create a scandal to ruin my reputation and anger my brother.”“Then, I just have to make sure it happens at that point in time, right? On that day, I will take the initiative to take President Su to my school and cooperate with his performance to complete the plot, right? Thus, serving as his intern secretary does not cause him to be delayed.”Xiao Ruoruo’s remarked made Su Xuelan unable to find any reason to refute her.Yes, as long as you ensured that the plot in which Su Mingyuan appeared could still exist and appear, that was enough.Right, she might be Mingyuan’s secretary as he secretly photographed Xiao Ruoruo on campus in order to fabricate photos and create a scandal. What would happen to this situation that was completely illogical?It didn’t matter.“Big sister Lan, despite the fact that I don’t always think as deeply and as long-term as you, I’m not stupid.”Xiao Ruoruo smiled triumphantly at Su Xuelan as she shook her head, as if she had pointed up her non-existent little tail.This was the first time she had won over Big sister Lan!Facing Xiao Ruoruo’s cute and somewhat provocative look, Su Xuelan was speechless.She also felt that it was difficult to find any flaws in her words, but she didn’t expect that even the most naive Xiao Ruoruo noticed it…“Then Big sister Lan, as President Su’s secretary, I will continue to perform my duties, goodbye. ”Sister Lan, everyone was not static, everyone will grow.Especially after going through those things.If someone thought that Ruoruo was still the innocent and kind-hearted cute little girl with a silly appearance, then she would tell you, you are mistaken!Xiao Ruoruo smiled, waved her hand to say goodbye to Su Xuelan in a provocative manner, and walked towards the office.Inside the office.Shortly after Xiao Ruoruo and Su Xuelan left, Su Mingyuan, who was slumped on the chair, seemed to have completely lost his vitality.The sky outside the window was as blue as the sea, and the sun was so bright and beautiful, but his eyes had lost all their radiance.“It’s wrong, it’s wrong… it’s wrong!”“System, this is the collapse of the plot! The characters of the two female protagonists have changed drastically. How do I act on this? I can’t play it!”“Why am I so unlucky! I saved enough money to travel but in the end, I encountered space-time turbulence and everything had to be redone from the beginning. After all, who am I to be overly optimistic? The major problem is that I have to do it all over again.”“As a result, you said that the space-time turbulence not only made me have to start over, but also damaged the origin of the world, causing the originally written plot to collapse even more, and even the female ‘s character have changed!”“Did you see it? Xiao Ruoruo actually took the initiative to stay as my intern secretary. It’s not like she doesn’t know what it means to be my secretary!”“And Su Xuelan, that sister who hated me is so gentle and considerate to me!”“Although the plot of last week’s scene has changed a little bit, it’s the later stage. At least the characters of these female protagonists haven’t changed. They took the initiative to fall in love with Xiao Ran after being guided by me a little bit. But now… it’s a mess. How do I clean it up?”“I’m not as good as I was last week relying on unparalleled strength to correct the plot by the reinforcement of strengthening points. Although the knowledge I acquired is still in my mind, the most important weapon is gone!”In last week’s episode, Su Mingyuan not only acquired various skills and knowledge that he was interested in, but also chess, medicine, music, painting and so on…He also purchased Xiao Ran’s Heavenly Creation of Pure Jade Divine skill , and directly exchanged the strengthening points for the Pure Jade Divine skill equivalent to sixty years of hard work.But now, although knowledge-related things still remained in his mind, his magical power had completely disappeared because of time travel. Although the villain value was left at 50,000 due to the suspension of time travel, his strengthening points were all used up in the last week !He had no supreme force. He only had 200 strengthening points from his first performance, so how could he correct the plot?When it rained, it poured, all kinds of blows came down. No matter how optimistic he was, it was hard for him to continue!He was no longer the sort of person who had a zest for life and a drive to succeed.“System, I can’t help it. What can I do if Heaven has beaten me to death and refused to let me go home?”[Host, you have to cheer up! You have to be optimistic! Believe me, nothing can bring you down!]“Take it down, this time not only the plot collapsed, but even the female protagonist’s setting has changed. How can you be optimistic? Why don’t you give me a solution, system?”[So what if the character of the heroine has changed? I believe that you can do it, host!]“Come on, you will only provide me with high levels of motivation, and asking you to provide me with a solution appears to be an impossible task.”Su Mingyuan sprung from his chair, a smile spread across his face.He wasn’t really desperate just now, just trying to see if the system could really help him come up with a solution.But he didn’t expect there was still hope.Although the sky was falling apart now, he did not feel that he had no hope of saving enough points for his travel.He had always been an optimistic guy, and falling into a brief time of despair, he was able to quickly recover.At this moment, he suddenly thought of a very good way.“System, why do you think Xiao Ruoruo is willing to take the initiative to stay as my trainee secretary?”Without a systematic answer, he asked himself and answered, “According to the original, although Xiao Ruoruo is pure and kind with a little weakness, she has an unyielding heart and will never yield to evil. But if we think differently, what happens to an ordinary person who encounters such a situation?”-bonus chapter[ADVANCED CHAPTERS: CLICK HERE]