She said yes!Although the moment the words were spoken, Su Mingyuan had a bad premonition in his heart.After all, the four female protagonists he met before more or less had changed personalities, and there was definitely something wrong. No one knew what kind of changes would happen to Liu Mengning this time.But he still didn’t expect her to promise so simply!This was unreasonable!Counting down the four female protagonists he met before, although their personalities had changed, they were no longer just labelled characters, but their changes could be regarded as a rule to follow, which could be roughly explained logically.If it was because she was afraid of the power of his Su family at the beginning, but also because of her brother Xiao Ran, she chose to endure the humiliation and become an undercover agent, lurking by her side. Then, in contact with him, slowly, she seemed to have become a little too involved. The deep fake drama was really about to fall…This was reasonable.Because of the damage to the will of the world, without his large interference, the elder sister was no longer deceived this time. Instead, she understood the importance of family affection, and cared about him like a real family…This was also reasonable.He turned into a white knight and moved Hongxue’s heartstrings. He tolerated and recognized her dark past and humble and twisted heart. It was also a very reasonable thing for her to fall in love with him.And the development of the relationship with Xia Xueqi was almost completely logical.Apart from the fact that she didn’t like Xiao Ran like last week, her character changes were almost minimal.At the beginning, she hated him as in the novel’s plot, looked down on him, and put on a high and cold attitude.It was not until she dated him under the pressure of their families, she encountered several wonderful accidents, and discovered his hidden “true face”, and then she gradually changed her view of him, gradually becoming appreciative and had a good impression of him.What was more, under this date, the relationship between the two had heated up and greatly improved.Even as an iceberg beauty, with such a cold and arrogant personality, she chose to back down in front of Liu Mengning for his own sake!And what about Liu Mengning?According to the plot of the original novel, she no doubt hated him now. This information was also revealed in the conversation between her and Xueqi just now.Her attitude towards him should be aloof, even a little disdainful.But, why did she agree to this invitation? It was unreasonable and even more illogical. It was different from the previous heroines.It was impossible that she… really just wanted to go in and ride the roller coaster, so she agreed to his invitation, right?For some reason, although this guess was very absurd, Su Mingyuan still thought it was very reasonable.Because, this was in line with his understanding of Liu Mengning.And it was at this moment that Xia Xueqi suddenly turned around and looked at Liu Mengning with smiling eyes.She still had the iconic disgust on her face, and he didn’t know who she was targeting.Liu Mengning’s appearance at this moment was indeed a ruthless move. If she chooses not to back down but to be firm here, it would only make Mingyuan unable to step down, and it would backfire on him and increase his disgust.She could choose to back down. After all, according to the character of the original book, she hated Mingyuan at this time. When Liu Mengning appeared to relieved, of course she could not wait to let go of his hand.But, that didn’t mean she could watch Liu Mengning and Mingyuan walk into the amusement park together and enjoy the surprise romance that should belong to her!She was not Su Xuelan!“Mengning.” She smiled at Liu Mengning, her icy smile seemed to be covered with frost, “I remember that you have always beendisdainful of your pursuit of Su Mingyuan, and you often complained about him in private. How funny and stupid is his performance in your eyes, why today… you agreed to his invitation for the first time?”Her tone was as cold as ice chunks floating from the extreme arctic icefield, and her gaze at Liu Mengning was even more cold as if she wanted to kill someone!You used this poisonous trick to force me to give in, but you didn’t follow the character design, and you agreed with Mingyuan’s invitation. You want to pick my fruit and eat it, right?Forget it!Xia Xueqi continued to release a cold and terrifying gaze towards Liu Mengning.But, facing such oppressive gazes, Liu Mengning just tilted her head and smiled lightly.“Xuexue, I just want to experience the feeling of riding a roller coaster. It’s the kind of feeling that you slowly climb to the highest point and then fall to the lowest point in less than a few seconds.”As she spoke, she casually stretched out her slender, jade-like palm, making a wavy gesture that slowly rose from the bottom to the top and then quickly fell from the top to the bottom. The curve was perfect. Xia Xueqi’s mood swings were reproduced, like a naked mockery.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Su Mingyuan’s invitation was just coincidental. He invited me in, and I just wanted to ride the roller coaster, so I agreed.”Liu Mengning nodded, taking it for granted, and the reason given was really the guess that Su Mingyuan thought was very absurd in his heart just now.“And if he doesn’t invite me, then I’ll find another amusement park with a roller coaster program, but I didn’t expect him to pursue me so many times, and give a heartfelt invitation.”This statement given by Liu Mengning was indeed… absurd and reasonable. It fitted her personality very well, and it left Xia Xueqi speechless.What reason could she find?