The afternoon of the day when the show was about to begin.Su Mingyuan called his sister Su Xuelan, “Sis, Hm,.. Can I ask you to do one thing? That … Can you ask Murong Hongxue out later? Have a meal with her and chat…”“Oh? Mingyuan, is there any intention that you want me to ask her out? Or … you’re interested in her and want me to help you?” Su Xuelan asked.​​”No, it’s not that I’m interested in her, but there’s a special reason. Anyway… Sis, don’t ask me any more. Just ask her out for dinner for one night, please? This is my request to you, my sister, as a brother. Will you help me this time, Sis?”Su Mingyuan’s request even contained a hint of coquetry as a younger brother to his elder sister.At the other end of the phone, Su Xuelan was silent for a moment and suddenly smiled gently. Her enchanting voice came from the receiver like a stream of gentle breeze.“Okay, since you want me to invite Murong Hongxue for dinner, then I, as a big sister, will naturally do my best to help you. Who asked you to act like a spoiled child in front of me?”Su Mingyuan blushed, but soon returned to normal without feeling any shame.The little brother was coquettish to his sister… Can that be called coquettish?He won’t feel ashamed“Sis, thank you!” He said sincerely, and shouted happily in his heart.‘It’s done!’Su Xuelan said dotingly, “Mingyuan, what is there to say thank you when we’re siblings? You are my dearest and most beloved brother. How can I not help you fulfil this little request of yours?”After hanging up, there was a doting smile on the corner of her mouth.But soon, a trace of hatred and cruelty appeared on her face.Last time, Xiao Ran didn’t hit Mingyuan in the face because of Xueqi’s interference, the will of the world must have sensed something was wrong.So this time, in order to make Xiao Ran, the son of destiny, succeed for his pretence, it even learned to predict and signalled Mingyuan to stop all their variables. Only then, Mingyuan finally made a call.Just like in his previous life, he asked Mingyuan to act as a white knight to remedy the plot when the plot changed.‘However …’‘How could I possibly let him succeed?’‘My dearest and favourite brother is not a pedal used to humiliate Xiao Ran and to be a stepping stone for him!’‘In my previous life, I was blinded by Xiao Ran’s aura as a protagonist and the will of the world. I even ignored the affection between siblings for more than ten or twenty years, then sat and watched Mingyuan die.’‘In this life, how can I let him suffer any injustice!’‘Xiao Ran wants to hit Mingyuan’s face?’‘I won’t agree!’‘Anyway, as long as it is recovered later and the plot of Mingyuan’s line in the future is maintained without major changes, the will of the world would have no excuse to hurt Mingyuan.’‘After all, Mingyuan has done his best, and it’s me who is wrong, isn’t it?’The previous two small changes to the plot by Ruoruo and Xueqi have proved the correctness of this guess.However, she still had to do Mingyuan’s request, as a sister who loved and cared for him.‘Invite Murong Hongxue out for dinner?’‘Then I’ll just reserve a private room in her Blue Rose Bar restaurant.’………………After making the phone call and resolving all the variables, Su Mingyuan breathed a sigh of relief. His hanging heart was immediately released, and he was full of confidence.‘I’ve investigated the information in advance to make sure everything would be the same as the initial plot.’‘Just in case, I also asked my sister to invite Murong Hongxue for dinner and take her away, getting rid of all variables.’‘As for Xiao Ran, the previous show can be said that he was still the one I am familiar with, and he would never disappoint me!’‘So…’‘The show this time, should never go wrong again!’‘Washing away the shame, now is the time to enjoy!’He thought with great confidence.And when he thought that he was just using a coquettish tone, his good sister, Su Xuelan, agreed to his unreasonable request without hesitation, Su Mingyuan couldn’t help but be full of gratitude towards her.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comAt first, the change in Su Xuelan’s personality made him a little nervous.But now it seemed that she had become such a good sister who cared about her spoiled brother. This was a good thing for him!Later, when he needed to remedy the plot, he didn’t have to work hard alone.Maybe as long as he acted spoiled like this, he could ask his good sister to help him again.The burden on his shoulder had been lightened a little!Su Mingyuan was in a very happy and relaxed mood.Towards evening, Su Mingyuan ate Ruoro’s elaborate love dinner and was ready to go to the Blue Rose Bar to trigger the plot and start his acting.Not to mention, although Ruoruo’s home-made dishes were inferior to the luxury meals made by those chefs in the mansion with various high-end precious ingredients.But these home-made dishes had the taste that more ordinary people used to eat every day. The simple care contained in these dishes was more precious than the so-called luxurious dinner.Moreover, Ruoruo often carefully observed his taste, improved the taste of dishes every day, and paid attention to the combination of meat and vegetables, so that nutrition wouldn’t be left behind.He had to say that after getting used to eating three meals a day that Ruoruo made according to his taste, he felt that he might be reluctant to let this innocent and attractive little cutie go undercover in the future.Now, there was only one matter left.Would he take Ruoruo to the bar with him?Looking at Ruoruo’s lovely and cute smile, he thought of where good and bad mixed together in the bar.That kind of place was not a place where pure and lovely Ruoruo should stay.And the most important thing was.Now that he had decided to eliminate all interference and vowed to get at least an excellent score in this show, then of course he shouldn’t bring Ruoruo!She was also a heroine whose personality had changed. Although last time she obediently stood behind him and acted as a background board according to his instructions, what would happen this time?#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comIn this show, he wouldn’t let any variables or any deviations appear!And even without Ruoruo’s involvement, he believed that he could also get a very high score!So, for this show, he wouldn’t bring her along!“Ruoruo, I’m going to a cocktail party later. You have to obediently stay in the mansion for today, don’t go out without permission, and remember to go to bed early,” Su Mingyuan said with a smile.Just when he was about to leave the mansion with two bodyguards, Ruoruo suddenly grabbed his hand.“Brother Mingyuan, have a safe trip. And…”Ruoruo raised her little face, and the clear eyes staring at him seemed to have dewdrops that melted like mist, “Remember to come back early, I will always… wait for you with the lights on…”This little girl.’‘So into the act, you’re not afraid that one day you can’t get out and really be in love with me?’Su Mingyuan smiled and rubbed her head.“Don’t worry, I won’t sleep in another woman’s bed tonight.”After saying that, he stepped into his Rolls Royce in high spirits, just like a heroic general who was about to go on an expedition to bring back the news of victory to his family.He set off.***