Music was a bridge between humans to communicate with each other.Music was also the fastest way to pull in the distance between people and bring them closer.Because there was no need for communication and no need for any physical contact.As long as the singer performed well enough, just the melody and singing could easily bring people into the world of music and bring out all sorts of happy or sad emotions.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comWhen the sound of the guitar rang, Su Mingyuan no longer had to hide anything and could play his heavenly voice.The pedestrians on the bridge stopped.The passing cars slowed down.Even the wind whistling on the bridge and the clouds hovering in the sky seemed to be reluctant to leave under the charm of his heavenly singing.Everyone was mesmerised by Su Mingyuan’s singing. The wandering singer at the side looked at him with a look of worship.Because he was a person with a bit of musical knowledge, he knew more about Su Mingyuan’s music than the others present!He could say without exaggeration that even some of the world’s most famous musicians and singers might not be as good as him!Could he be a legendary musician? Or perhaps the previous King of Singing? That is why he wears a mask to cover his face?But he looks so young, I should be wrong.However, this wandering singer was quickly unable to come to a conclusion.Because as Su Mingyuan sang the chorus, his tone gradually went up an octave, bringing everyone’s attention to the emotions expressed in the song.He was also like the audience around him, showing a lost expression.At the edge of the bridge, Su Xuelan pulled Li Shuang to a stop.Although the song that came here was somewhat distant and distorted, it still deeply touched their hearts.Li Shuang was confused. The Eldest Miss of the Su family had brought her here… What for?Listening to a singer singing with a very pleasant voice?“Do you know who that is?” Su Xuelan pointed at the white-robed knight who was playing the guitar on the bridge.Thinking back to what Su Xuelan had said just now, Li Shuang looked at Su Mingyuan on the bridge and then at her. Her eyes widened in disbelief and her mouth opened in shock.“You, you, you… Do you mean to say ……”“That’s right. The singer dressed up in white who is playing guitar and singing is my younger brother, Su Mingyuan.” Su Xuelan nodded her head indifferently.Fake, fake… It must be fake!It wasn’t that Li Shuang didn’t believe it, but that she felt that this was too ridiculous!Su Mingyuan, the hedonistic son of a wealthy family, was standing on the bridge with a smile and a guitar, singing in heavenly voice. She could not compare him with the person she met the other night.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comWho would dare believe this?Because this sounded ridiculous!And…“And no matter how I look at it, I can’t tell that he and Su Ming…” Li Shuang paused for a moment, but her tone was still respectful. “I can’t tell that he and Young Master Su are the same person.”The white knight’s suit worked.Coupled with Li Shuang’s preconceived notions, she could not think of Su Mingyuan as the same person as this handsome and charming voice.This was too unbelievable, too absurd, too incomprehensible!“Do you think I’ll lie to you?” Seeing Li Shuang’s expression, Su Xuelan snorted in disdain.“Do you know why Mingyuan would act like such a dandy?”She began to make up a reason on the spot. “Because our Su family is too powerful. We are the strongest of the four great families. If we become stronger, it is very likely that we will arouse the fear of the other three great families and even force them to join forces.“That’s why the Su family can’t have two people who are too outstanding at the same time. Mingyuan, on the other hand, had chosen to become a hedonistic playboy, making them relax their guard and let me become the successor of the family. His usual good-for-nothing behaviour, even his excessive behaviour towards you last night, was just a deliberate act for others to see.”“Even so, other families will not be able to see us well. Do you know about the marriage between the Xia family and us? Hmph. They didn’t want to marry us. They just wanted to pave the way for Xia Xueqi’s younger brother, Xia Rongze, to drive her to our Su family so that we could fight amongst ourselves.‘It’s because they’re certain of Xia Xueqi’s strong personality and she’s forced to marry a dandy. They’re angry and will definitely make trouble with us. They had chased Xia Xueqi away and even tripped the Su family. They killed two birds with one stone. They were probably laughing their hearts out.”Li Shuang opened her mouth wide. This was the first time she knew that there were so many schemes and plots among the nobles in the upper class.Behind the marriage alliance, it looked like the cooperation between the Su and Xia Family, but in reality, the Xia Family was harbouring a hidden evil intention.“Forget it, let’s not talk about that anymore. Let’s go back to what happened just now. Ming Yuan is kind-hearted. Although he had no choice but to pretend to be good-for-nothing and do evil, he would always send someone to secretly send compensation to those who were hurt by him.”“A few days ago at Xia Xueqi’s Xuan Mei Company, he deliberately pretended to be ferocious and scared a female employee. That employee’s father was so lucky that he won the 50,000 yuan prize when he was shopping.”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Your mother is seriously ill and needs a lot of money to treat her illness. So, an anonymous good Samaritan suddenly helped your mother. Mingyuan had sent someone to do this anonymously. But as my sister, I don’t want people like you who have been helped by him to be kept in the dark. I still hate him and scold him in my heart, treating him like good-for-nothing trash.”Su Xuelan looked at her meaningfully, “At least you, you should know who really helped you and helped you. I don’t beg you to be grateful. After all, Mingyuan almost hurt you, but at least I hope you won’t repay the kindness with hatred.”At this moment, after listening to Su Xuelan’s words, Li Shuang was more than convinced.When she turned her head to look at Su Mingyuan on the bridge again and saw him playing a beautiful song, revealing a smile when he brought laughter or moved people, she suddenly felt a great sense of shame and deep grievance.It was a grievance for Su Mingyuan…He had always been wearing the mask of being a good-for-nothing and living a life so tiring and hard.But when he finally put down his false identity and used his singing to move everyone.He… he still had to wear a mask.On the bridge, after the song was completed, among the audience who stopped to listen to him sing, a little girl held a simple flower in her hand and walked towards Su Mingyuan with some clumsy steps, and a little stone compelled her to slip.Instantly, he hurried over, squatted down, and protected the cute little friend from falling, then smiled and took the flower in her hand, put it closer to his chest, and gently rustled his hands through her hairs.Seeing this scene, Li Shuang’s heart was completely melted.The surging shame and sadness in her heart could not be suppressed at this moment, and tears filled her eyes instantly.“Su… Miss Su,” she turned to look at Su Xuelan, wiped the tears from the corners of her eyes, and her voice choked with the tide of emotions. However, her eyes held a certain kind of firm will that could not be destroyed by the god himself.“I, Li Shuang, am not a person who repays kindness with hatred. As long as Su Mingyuan needs me in the future, I will definitely go through fire and water and do whatever it takes to achieve his request!”***