It was time for lunch when Xia Xueqi returned home.However, her meal was not prepared at home.Her stepmother was already waiting at the door. When she saw her, her eyes narrowed.“I heard that you insulted your Third Uncle in front of everyone at the company today?”Xia Xueqi’s expression did not change at all, and she replied with a cold ‘hmm’.“I heard you even scolded the Su family’s brat for being a good-for-nothing in front of everyone and told him to leave your company?”“Yeah.”Xia Xueqi took off her coat and prepared to go into her room to change into a cooler outfit.Xia Rongze was drinking soup when she passed by the kitchen. When he saw her, he called out cautiously, “Sis, you’re back.”Xia Xueqi ignored him and walked straight to her room.Xia Rongze lowered his head. A trace of resentment flashed across his timid eyes.Mother Xia was furious when she saw this. She grabbed Xia Xueqi’s arm and sneered.“Xueqi, my good daughter, your wings are really long now. You didn’t even call me Mom when you came in, and didn’t even bother to greet your brother. You even humiliated your Third Uncle at the company and insulted your fiance as a piece of shit!”“Oh, so?”Xia Xueqi turned around and gave her a cold look.“Mom, Brother.”“I greeted both of you. Can you let go now?”Her cold attitude infuriated Mother Xia.She had greeted them, but Mother Xia could not feel the slightest respect in her voice.She was clearly looking down on her stepmother!“Xia Xueqi, don’t act so aloof and arrogant! Do you think your current wealth, your good fortune, and everything you have comes from your efforts? No! It comes from our Xia family! Without the Xia family, you are nothing!”“Who do you think you are? Relying on the power of the Xia family, you can vigorously develop your company, and have the confidence to challenge those high-ranking officials. So now you think that you’re powerful? How could you not respect your elders, not place the family in the eyes, and unwilling to even contribute to the family?“Let me tell you! The marriage between you and Su Mingyuan is the most important thing for the Su and Xia Families. Your father was discussing a major project with the Su Family. If something happened to Su Mingyuan because of you today, they wouldn’t discuss it ……”Mother Xia’s tone was already threatening.“So, should I accept this marriage that I don’t want?” Xia Xueqi sneered in disdain.“Xia Xueqi! Let me figure it out for you!” Mother Xia’s voice became sharp, “Our Xia Family has raised you and given you glory and wealth that ordinary people would never be able to enjoy for the rest of their lives. Why shouldn’t you think about the family? Why shouldn’t you accept the family’s arrangements made for you!”“Okay, okay, okay. For the sake of the family, accept the arrangement that you guys gave me, right?”Xia Xueqi seemed to be angered as well. She shouted in anger, “I’m going to curry favour with that good-for-nothing Su Mingyuan right now. Accept the arrangements you gave me!”She walked into the room and closed the door, quickly changing into a cool outfit. By the time she walked out, her face had already returned to its former aloofness.“Mom, I’ve decided to listen to you and go date Su Mingyuan. But……”She walked in front of Mother Xia and slowly revealed a cold smile, “I don’t know if you’ve ever thought about it, but one day, I’ll be in complete control of Su Mingyuan and make him listen to me and manipulate the entire Su family.”“What do you think I would do to this family that gave birth to me and raised me? How would I treat you? My dear… Stepmother.”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comMother Xia froze.Xia Xueqi walked over indifferently from Mother Xia’s side, not giving her a straight look from start to finish.However, in this scorching summer weather, Mother Xia felt as if she had fallen into an ice cave. Her body suddenly turned cold.Only when Xia Xueqi disappeared did she curse angrily and release all sorts of abuse.“This damn cheap maid! A son of a bitch!”Xia Xueqi sat in the car with a faint smile outside the door. She was very happy.Now, she had a reason to date Su Mingyuan and even do some intimate things.She wasn’t willing. It was her dear stepmother who forced her to do this.‘Ruoruo, although I know that as Xiao Ran’s younger sister, you are a very important part in helping us kill Xiao Ran. It’s only right to give you some sweetness.’‘But I don’t want my future husband to be taken advantage of before he marries me.’‘I must also have the sweetness you have tasted!’………………“Brother Mingyuan, do you really not need me to go with you?”In front of the villa’s main door, Xiao Ruoruo was holding onto the door handle, reluctant to part.However, Su Mingyuan only wanted to hurry to the location he had agreed to with the young miss and induce in a deeper level of pleasure.‘You weren’t willing to give it to me just now, but now you are reluctant to part with me, right?’‘Haha, it’s too late!’“I do have important matters to attend to. Ruoruo, just stay at home and rest.”With that said, Su Mingyuan closed the car door and urged the driver to leave quickly.The Rolls Royce disappeared like the hurricane, leaving Xiao Ruoruo alone in her original spot, deep in thought.‘Something important…’‘At this time, was there anything important that Brother Mingyuan had to do?’‘In the diary…there was no such thing.’‘Besides, apart from acting as a villain under the threat of the World Will, was there anything more important than this?’Xiao Ruoruo took out her phone and dialled Su Xuelan’s number.“Hello, Sister Lan ……”Before she could say anything, Su Xuelan interrupted her.“Ruoruo, I understand. You don’t have to worry. Leave this matter to me.”Du…Du…Du ……”After the call was hung up, Xiao Ruoruo stood blankly in the same place.‘I…I haven’t said anything yet, but Sister Lan already knows everything!’On Su Xuelan’s side, she had just hung up on Xiao Ruoruo when Xia Xueqi called.“Tell me where Su Mingyuan is.”“Xueqi, how could I know where Mingyuan is now?”“Stop talking nonsense! Su Xuelan, with your desire to manipulate, you must have already installed a monitoring device in Su Mingyuan’s car, and even his driver must be yours, right? You are telling me now that you don’t know where he is?“…Xueqi, you really know me so well.”Su Xuelan clicked on the mobile phone map and sent Xia Xueqi a location.“Mingyuan is going to go here for a date with a strange girl. I think it’s not good. Those girls are all bad women who are jealous of my Mingyuan’s money and body. You can’t let them succeed.”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Leave it to me, I’ll give you a surprise.” Xia Xueqi hung up the phone.Listening to the busy tone on the phone, Su Xuelan was silent for a while, narrowed her eyes, and muttered to herself:“Yes, they are all bad women. I can’t let these bad women… succeed.”***