The first light of the dawn shone upon his room. When Su Mingyuan opened his eyes, he almost jumped up from the bed and fell.Because there was a woman lying on his bed.That was right, Su Xuelan did not leave last night, but stayed in his villa instead.And he had already arranged a room for her, but unexpectedly, in the middle of the night, the woman quietly opened his door and climbed onto his bed.It was also his fault that his vigilance was too low, and he forgot to lock the door.Fortunately, he was about to fall asleep at the time, and he didn’t do anything that would kill the morals set by the society, otherwise he would not know how to face Su Xuelan…Even imagining that scene was embarrassing.The night was still a thrilling and frightening experience for him.Especially when Su Xuelan pressed close to him and caressed him restlessly with both hands. He was so nervous that his heart almost jumped out of his chest.“Sister, don’t be like this. We are all adults. We still need to pay attention to the details between men and women.”“Aren’t we siblings first and then we are adults? Mingyuan, I didn’t take off my clothes and lay on top of you. What are you afraid of?”“Sister, don’t make fun of me, okay? I’m a man too, and there will come a day when I won’t be able to help it. Moreover, Ruoruo is in the next room, in case she hears it…”“If you can’t help it, your sister can help you.”Su Xuelan rested her head between his shoulders and gently exhaled hot air in his ear, then lightly opened her red lips and encompassed his earlobe.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“And if Ruoruo heard it, don’t you think it’s more… exciting?”Boom!It seemed that a fire in the heart was ignited in an instant, so strong that it was about to burn out for all reason. The blood surged frantically, washing over his cheeks with a fierce blush, and even his heartbeat suddenly soared, breaking all thresholds.“Ah!” Su Mingyuan unconsciously screamed out, and his body stirred, almost gesturing him to run away.Now he didn’t even know if Su Xuelan said these words just to tease him. Was she teasing her brother as a sibling, or was there really something wrong with her…Seeing Su Mingyuan’s blushing face, Su Xuelan also knew she should pesture him more. She pinched his blushing cheeks, and said in his ear with a smile, “Mingyuan, I can’t help but tease you. Well, I won’t tease you anymore, good night.”She kissed his face lightly, then let go of her arms and lay quietly beside him without making any further movements.She was afraid that if she pushed too hard, she would frighten the little white rabbit which was Mingyuan to jump off the wall and run away.And Su Mingyuan finally breathed a sigh of relief.He didn’t choose to escape from the room and ran to the sofa to sleep, but shrunk to the corner of the bed, turned his back to Su Xuelan, and closed his eyes to prepare to sleep.However, as soon as he closed my eyes, the previous scene played back repeatedly in his mind, as well as the moist gentleness of his sister holding his earlobe…He didn’t sleep well all night.Especially in the second half of the night, Su Xuelan, who was asleep, seemed to treat him like a pillow and wrapped him tightly.Although there were no ambiguous and provocative movements this time, the close proximity between the two skins with almost no gaps made Su Mingyuan feel anxious again…That night, Su Mingyuan unknowingly slipped a little on the ideological and moral bottom line.Fortunately, the night would always pass, and as a busy person, Su Xuelan couldn’t stay with him all day and all night. After breakfast, she left the villa and agreed to his request again.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comTonight, Xia Xueqi invited Murong Hongxue to dinner at Blue Rose. Of course, other places were also fine, as long as it was not the Hongyun Building.This time, Su Xuelan agreed without asking for any reason, then pinched his cheek dotingly, and said, “Mingyuan, you haven’t been home for a few days to see your parents. They actually miss you very much. Take some time to go home and visit them later.”She was already paving the way for breaking the true relationship between the two in the future.Su Mingyuan nodded in agreement, and then watched her leave.Well, all the variable risks had been removed, and only the news from  Su Li was awaited.“Ah—” He yawned, feeling a little sleepy.It was all because his sister was so charming that he didn’t sleep well all night.Fortunately, when his sister came out of her room in the morning, Ruoruo didn’t see that scene.Otherwise, it would be really hard to explain.“Brother Mingyuan, didn’t you sleep well last night? Would you like to lie down on Ruoruo’s lap for a while?”Ruoruo was always so kind, considerate and gentle.How could Su Mingyuan reject her kindness?“Yes, but Ruoruo, can you put on white silk for my lap pillow?” Su Mingyuan couldn’t help saying.Once a pure and lovely little angel like Ruoruo wore white silk, she would appear more pure and moving, giving birth to a desire to bully her fiercely.Beautiful women like Xia Xueqi and her elder sister Su Xuelan with a bit of royal style, should be made to wear black silk and high heels. Then turning into tyrants, they should be arrogantly pressed down to conquer them completely!It is okay to have such thoughts about Xia Xueqi, how can I think about my sister, I also…***