At that time, Su Mingyuan was still thinking about how to punish this bad woman. His mind was full of panic and fear, brought about by the fear of being exposed.Calm, calm.I had faith in the guarantee provided by the system. I believe that this woman is deceiving me.She’s lying to me!Su Mingyuan forcibly regained his composure and said with a smug smile, “Mengning, I came to see you after receiving word from Xiao Ran about the surprise you presented…”“I don’t know why you think it’s a surprise for me and Xiao Ran. I want to hear you explain it to me.“Hee-hee”“My big hero, you are so calm, but why is your back a little wet?”At that moment, Liu Mengning reached out and touched Su Mingyuan on the back. She then tilted her head, opened her eyes wide, and looked at him with a knowing smile.I didn’t think this woman would act differently than her usual attitude.Who normally touches other people’s backs to see if they start to sweat?A drop of cold sweat oozed from his forehead.Even though he spoke in a calm way, this damn physical reaction did not fool her.“My Big Hero, I’m pretty sure that you came to the banquet today and talked to me.”“You may believe that I am lying to you, but I already know who you are.”Liu Meng spoke confidently.Although Su Mingyuan was panicking to death in his heart, he just refused to believe it and refused to die.“Oh, then I’m curious. Whose face do you think is under my mask?”Liu Mengning looked at his appearance, and suddenly laughed softly, like a hibiscus flower caught in a spring breeze.She felt that her big hero’s face looked very cute, especially the slightly pursed lips that refused to be subdued. It really made people want to go up and bite or not, wanting to taste whether it was firm or not.She said with a smile, “My big hero, did you know that when I first recognized you, I didn’t expect you and that guy to be the same person? The contrast in your personality, temperament, and acting style is so great that I can’t identify you with him or treat you as the same individual.”“But…”She caressed Su Mingyuan’s chest, and her slender jade fingers lightly drew circles on it. “Do you still remember that night when I left cherry-flavored jelly in my mouth and bit your lips?”“I want you to always remember this taste and remind you of me when you smell it.” In fact, at that time, not only did I leave the scent of cherries in your mouth, I also secretly sprinkled cherry-flavored perfume on your body.”“It’s the kind of fragrance that can’t be washed off even if you take a bath within a few days. Although it’s very weak, you can smell it as long as you get close to it. Coincidentally, I smelled it on that person today. What about the scent?”Su Mingyuan’s heart sank.It was no wonder that after he left that night, he always felt that there was still a faint scent of cherries around him. He didn’t expect that this bad woman, Liu Mengning, would start plotting against him at that time!It turned out she is not deceiving me; she does recognize me!The white knight suit produced by the system is really effective, but who would have thought that this damned bad woman would recognize me in this way!So wicked!Im so stupid!“My Big Hero, that person was shaking my hand at that time, but he suddenly pulled me into his arms with all his strength, just like now.”Liu Mengning said while taking the initiative to lean into Su Mingyuan’s arms, simply to make the picture at that time repeat itself.I was about to break free from him as he was dragging me, but I was very surprised to smell a faint cherry fragrance on him at the time.“The fragrance I left on you.”“So I leaned into his arms and took a deep breath of his scent. I was extremely shocked and excited, and even because I was greedy for his embrace, I got up from his arms and left after a while. ““It’s like… now.”“My Big Hero, the cherry scent on your body really smells good.”He was close to Liu Mengning and could sense her temperature. She smiled seductively as she looked up at him.When Su Mingyuan heard this, he finally understood how the bad woman had found out about him.But he was secretly annoyed, complaining about what kind of obsessive woman he had met!If I didn’t pull Liu Mengning’s hand, wouldn’t she have the opportunity to get close to me and recognize me by smelling me?Why did I think of making such a move in order to create opportunities for Xiao Ran, that rebellious son!I shouldn’t be so nice to something that doesn’t live up to my expectations!Now, Su Mingyuan deeply regrets his decision!“Hehe”“Are you still unwilling to acknowledge your identity, my Big Hero?”Su Mingyuan opened his mouth, but he was unable to speak his name as he gazed at Liu Mengning’s smiling and attractive face.Iam the white knight, the one who sang on the overpass, saved people on the road, bullied the old man who played chess in the park, and ran here and there to tease Hongxue and Liu Mengning…To admit that these things of the white knight were all done by Su Mingyuan…For some reason, he just couldn’t open his mouth.Su Mingyuan continued to be hard mouthed. “Maybe it’s because that person happened to use a brand of perfume. Do you recognize it wrong?”“However, how can a big guy wear a perfume that only women wear?”“Hmph! Who says males cannot wear perfume?” Su Mingyuan stutteringly reasoned, “Men… If there are men who like women’s clothing, shouldn’t there also be men who love to wear perfume….?”Suddenly, Su Mingyuan couldn’t keep his mouth shut.Because at that time, his mouth was already blocked by another pair of soft and moist lips.Liu Mengning looked at his stubborn face, and the more she looked at him, the cuter she felt, and she suddenly didn’t want to listen to what her Big Hero was arguing about.The only thing she wanted to do was raise her head and kiss his stubborn lips.So she did.As a result, Su Mingyuan’s eyes widened, he was unable to speak, and his throat became obstructed, preventing him from speaking.He could taste a cherry flavor with his lips.Liu Mengning, did you eat cherry-flavoured gummies again?Lips splits.Liu Mengning smiled and extended her finger to lightly tap his soft lips.“My Big Hero, I thought your mouth was hard, but it turned out to be soft.”Nonsense, regardless of gender, whose lips are not soft?Su Mingyuan’s face darkened.This wicked woman blatantly mocked him, but hr refused to admit it.Hmph, the real body under the mask of the white knight is Su Mingyuan?What’s wrong if I don’t admit it?I haven’t even admitted it!“I still have something to do, so I’m leaving first.”Su Mingyuan’s mood was very complicated now.Under the mask of a white knight, he was recognized for the first time in two weeks.He truly did not know how to face it, as he was rather flustered and bewildered.Su Mingyuan was still a white knight. Which one was his real self, and which one was the one he wanted to show in front of others?So he kept his mouth shut and refused to admit it.It was not just that poor self-esteem that was causing trouble, but because he had always kept these two identities very separate, and he had never tried to fuse these two identities together.He never thought that one day, in the eyes of others, Su Mingyuan would be a white knight, and the white knight would be Su Mingyuan.Never.Liu Mengning did it. To this end, he was flustered, worried, and restless.He was experiencing a variety of conflicting emotions, so not even Liu Mengning’s kiss could bring him peace.He had never been prepared for such a predicament; therefore, he instinctively considered fleeing.But how could Liu Mengning have allowed him to flee?“My Big Hero, don’t leave.”At the warm and bright entrance, she pulled him in and hugged him tightly.