Your final evaluation is:Ah! Ah! Ah!Pissing me off!Pissing me off!Su Mingyuan could not wait to rush off the court now, grab Xiao Ran’s ear, point at his nose and scold, “I have eliminated all risk variables for you, I have created such a perfect stage for you, I have given you such a good opportunity, what are you doing in the end?”“You have such a big advantage, but you end up doing such a poor performance. Are you worthy of my hard work for you! Are you worthy of it!”Rebel!Disappointing shit!However, instead of being angry, what he was more afraid of now was that Xiao Ran would not recover from this. Every time he faced him in the future, he would not dare to behard-hearted and choose to be soft like today.How would the plot continue in the future?His heart was full of worry!In the end… where was the problem?Why did Xiao Ran become like this when he was so good?But now was not the time to think about that.Because as Xiao Ran endured endless torment and humiliation, he apologised loudly again.The eyes of the audience all focused on him, Su Mingyuan, Young Master Su.To forgive or not to forgive?There were two options before him.However, Su Mingyuan knew that no matter what he chose, today’s performance had failed.Because he was the villain in the urban Xiaobai Shuangwen, not only did he not perform his duty to slap the protagonist in the face, but also stepped on the protagonist’s feet, trampling his face and dignity completely, and this was the protagonist. He hit him!What are you talking about!He, a villain who should be stepped on by the protagonist, turned out to be stepping on the protagonist’s face to pretend to be a success!Is this reasonable? !Right now, he was just extravagantly hoping that Ruoruo’s appearance would improve the system’s evaluation a little bit.Perhaps, the difference between failing and passing was just a little bit, and Ruoruo’s appearance was the last straw which could raise his failing evaluation to… Pass?Ruoruo, now only you are my most trusted baby.You must give me some strength!Looking at Xiao Ran, who was bowing in silence, and at the silent crowd, Su Mingyuan just wanted to quickly end this failed performance and usher in the final judgement.But……His villain personality, his arrogant face, at least at this time, in front of Xiao Ran, couldn’t be dropped.Therefore, even if he chose to forgive, he still had to put on the appearance of a winner and ridicule Xiao Ran!#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comEven if the pretence was successful, Su Mingyuan was still in pain!Forget it, it’s just me, the father, reprimanding this unsatisfactory son.Anyway, if I fail this time, there will be another time. Even if I fail next time, there are still many opportunities to perform.It’s impossible for me, Su Mingyuan, to hover between pass and fail in every performance, and I can’t get more than one excellent evaluation, right?Impossible.There will be a drama performance between me and Ruoruo soon, and with the cooperation of her sweet baby, I will definitely be a great success in that show.The night will always pass, and the sun will always rise.If you are deeply immersed in the sadness and depression after failure, then you can only trap the quagmire of failure forever and cannot see the bright sunshine.To play games is to laugh and play!Su Mingyuan’s mood quickly adjusted in this short period of time.A smile appeared on his face again.As a final touch, even if it was a failed performance, he had to fulfil his role as an actor.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comHe was so dedicated!“Oh? Xiao Ran, you said that you spent 50 million to buy this piece of jade to give me as an apology gift? I must have heard it wrong? Every time you meet me, you sneer and make sarcastic remarks, and now you want to apologise to me, Su Mingyuan?”“Yes…Yes. Master Su, I didn’t know the height of heaven before, and I offended you so much. Please forget the small things…”“Hahahaha! Xiao Ran, if you were just a frog who stretched out your tongue every time, then now you look like a clown, a joke!”“I really regret not taking pictures of the arrogant look you just made when you were bidding against me, otherwise I could send a picture to everyone present and let them compare you just now with the present. Damn you, keep your funny and stupid ugly state on record forever for everyone to laugh at!”Xiao Ran’s teeth were about to shatter, his face flushed red, but he didn’t flare out with a lot of self control.He had already achieved this point, Wasn’t it just being ridiculed by Su Mingyuan for a few more words?What couldn’t he bear?He couldn’t give up all his efforts!“Xiao Ran, even if a dog is upset, it will jump up and bark twice, showing sharp teeth. You were mocked and insulted by me like this, and you didn’t even dare to let a fart? Are you worse than a dog!”Xiao Ran remained silent.He made up his mind to be a tortoise and endure it to the end.Seeing this scene, Su Mingyuan also pouted in disappointment.“It’s boring, forget it, since you are willing to be a thing worse than a dog and beg for forgiveness from me here, and I don’t bother to work hard on you, I forgive you, go away!”