“I was…He was expelled?” Xiao Ran opened his mouth in shock and stared blankly at Xia Xueqi. “President Xia, are you…? Are you kidding me?”At the same time, Su Mingyuan, who had been suppressing the joy in his heart and pretending to be embarrassed, was also shocked.‘What did Xia Xueqi just say?’‘She said…Xiao Ran is fired by her?’#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com‘Was there a mistake!’‘Xia Xueqi, you’re joking, right?’‘Just like Xiao Ran said, are you joking on purpose?’‘Quickly say yes!’At this moment, Su Mingyuan didn’t have to suppress the joy and tried his best to disguise it.This was because his expression was like he had eaten shit.He turned his head stiffly, just like Xiao Ran, hoping to hear these words from Xia Xueqi.However, this was obviously not a joke.Xia Xueqi, who had always been as clear and cold as an iceberg, obviously didn’t know how to joke.Therefore,What she said was true.She really wanted to fire Xiao Ran.This made Xiao Ran feel betrayed.“Why? Why did you fire me?”He looked at Xia Xueqi and asked in confusion, his eyes flashing with anger.When she had called him yesterday, she said that she would take care of everything so that he would not have to worry. She had promised!However, at this moment, after insulting Su Mingyuan, she slapped his face in front of everyone.“Why?”Xia Xueqi furrowed her moth-like brows and crossed her arms over her chest. She looked at Xiao Ran and spoke in an icy tone.“Xiao Ran, don’t tell me you think I’m acting on your behalf?”“No, I just simply hate Su Mingyuan.”“And I just said that my company doesn’t raise trash. However, as my assistant and bodyguard, you didn’t do your duty as a bodyguard to stop Su Mingyuan in advance. You even let him barge in and disturb me during such an important meeting.”#pleasereadthischapteratondernovels.comXia Xueqi’s voice was as cold as ice. When she said this, her gaze had shifted to something else, as if she did not place Xiao Ran in her eyes at all.“You failed your duty, so I fired you.”“It’s that simple. Do you still have any questions?”However, her cold expression, which did not put him in his eyes, and such cold words, caused an invisible flame to burn in Xiao Ran’s heart.“Just like that…Easy? It’s because of this reason that you’re going to fire me?”Xiao Ran’s emotions became chaotic, and he clenched his fists. His expression was a little lost.He had saved her from a young hooligan, and he was the king of assassins from abroad, yet he was willing to stay with her as a bodyguard. But, she…!“That’s how you treat me, Xia Xueqi! Using this… A ridiculous reason? Wait! If you’re saying that I haven’t done my duty as a bodyguard, why don’t you ……”“Xiao Ran.”Xia Xueqi suddenly interrupted him. Her ice-cold eyes were looking at him coldly.“I don’t want to explain it again.”Being stared at like this by a pair of eyes, Xiao Ran was stunned speechless for a moment.He was clearly extremely powerful and his subordinates had been stained with a lot of blood. When his name was mentioned abroad, it would make countless people tremble. But at this moment, he actually froze by the gaze of a woman!“Xiao Ran, wait in my office to go through the exit procedures.”“And Su Mingyuan, how long are you going to stay here? Do you want me to find someone to ask you to leave?!”Xia Xueqi gave the order and the burly bodyguard, Yang Ye, glanced at Xiao Ran with a complicated expression. Then he walked to Su Mingyuan, who had been shocked to the point of being at a loss, and pointed at the door.Xia Xueqi’s female secretary walked up to Xiao Ran with a professional smile on her face. “Xiao Ran, I’ll take you to President Xia’s office.”This farce was finally over.Xia Xueqi had completely established her dignity in front of all the company’s higher-ups and had slapped Xia Chengquan, Su Mingyuan and Xiao Ran in the face!Xiao Ran, who felt that he had been betrayed and was burning with anger, followed his secretary to Xia Xueqi’s office. He wanted to question Xia Xueqi as to why she had betrayed him!Su Mingyuan, who had been watching the entire process, was gently pulled away by Xiao Ruoruo. His face was lifeless throughout the entire process. He was so dazed that he did not even know how he walked out of the Xuan Mei Building.He sat in his Rolls Royce in a daze, his face blank as he muttered, “Why is it like this? Why is it like this!”By the time Xia Xueqi had finished talking about him, he had thought that it was the end of the show.He reminded himself in his heart that he had to hold back his laughter and finish it off. He couldn’t help but look forward to the perfect evaluation of the system and the 2000 villian points.But at the last moment, Xia Xueqi used her true actions to tell him what a shocking reversal was.‘What? What a real surprise!’He thought that everything had been settled.Xia Xueqi told him no, not yet.During the performance, he kept applauding for Xia Xueqi, cheering for her,  and sighing that he had finally met the female lead.He never thought that she would give him a backstab at the last second!At this moment, Su Mingyuan’s mentality collapsed.He was clearly an optimistic person, but even if he was optimistic, he really couldn’t be optimistic when faced with such a huge advantage and being defeated in the end.‘Why… Why is it like this?!’He could not understand such a result!He could not accept it!However, the second scene based on his appearance in the novel had ended.His performance, his second performance, had come to an end the moment he left the Xuan Mei Building.The system’s voice rang in his ears.[Beep! After the performance was completed, the evaluation of the host’s performance is in progress.][Under Settlement…][Your evaluation this time was: Fail.][Based on your evaluation results, you’ve obtained 200 villain points and the same number of strengthening points.][Host, please don’t lose heart and cheer up. Don’t forget the initial hard work, strive to get a higher evaluation in the next performance.]At this moment, Su Mingyuan only felt his vision turn black, as if someone had violently hit his brain with a hammer.Those three words sounded so harsh, like a knife,  piercing through his heart.No!And, and!The evaluation!Clearly he had been so hard working, and tried his best, to play his villain set performance to the extreme, making it perfect.But… But he was rated as fail!Then his first performance got a passing grade.This time, it was even worse.Su Mingyuan could not accept it.He couldn’t accept it!How could he pull himself together after giving such desperate efforts? How to not forget his initial dream to earn Villain Points and continue to work hard?“System, come out! I want you to give me an explanation!”***