Han Xin was still able to endure the humiliation, and Goujian, the king of Yue, could also suffer from the humiliation. He, Xiao Ran, must endure the humiliation for a while.On the bright side, even if this piece of spiritual jade was given to Su Mingyuan, as long as Ruoruo was still undercover on his side, she would be able to steal the piece of spiritual jade back for him one day, and it would still belong to him.At this moment, after some intense inner struggle, Xiao Ran turned off the phone, set it to mute, and made a decision.At this moment, the auctioneer also came up to the stage and said, “After the communication with the owner of the auction, Mr. Zhao, he feels that the current price has completely satisfied his psychological price, and hopes to stop bidding. And for the ownership of this mysterious ancient jade, he also has a favourite candidate, that is, Mr. Xiao Ran. As long as Mr. Xiao can also come up with 50 million at the same price as Mr. Su, then this lot will be obtained by Mr. Xiao.”As soon as this statement came out, the audience was completely in uproar.They finally knew why at the last minute, the owner of the lot suddenly contacted the auctioneer and stopped the auction.It turned out that the real reversal is here!What if you, Young Master Su, are rich?I’m suspending the auction!What if you, Master Su, gave you a high price of 50 million? As long as Xiao Ran also takes out 50 million, this ancient jade still does not belong to you!This is a naked face slap!Hitting Su Mingyuan in the face!Now, the focus and eyes of the audience were once again focused on Xiao Ran.As long as he agreed to give out 50 million, then this slap in the face of Su Mingyuan would really happen.Everyone would see how Su Mingyuan, the eldest young master of the Su family, the first of the four dandies in Mingjing, slapped in the face on the spot.And if Xiao Ran couldn’t take it out or isn’t going to take out the money…The person to become a clown would be him.He would be the clown tonight!In the stand compartment, Su Mingyuan nervously clenched his fists and encouraged Xiao Ran with the last trace of expectation in his heart: Take it out! Only 50 million, you Xiao Ran are not short of this money!Wouldn’t it be a good deal to buy a piece of music for 50 million slaps in the face!Xiao Ran, Xiao Ran, hurry up! Hold up the sign saying you want to bid fifty million!Son!Son!Don’t let me down!You are the king of killers, how can you bear this grievance?You have to get angry, you have to vent your anger at me, and hit me in the face with such a reversal, you have to stand up!Under Su Mingyuan’s incomparably expectant gaze, Xiao Ran raised his card.“Fifty million! I am paying for this!”Whoa!At this moment, even if no one dared to stand up and applaud, when they saw Xiao Ran complete the reversal under pressure and slap Su Mingyuan in the face, everyone applauded him in their hearts.Su Mingyuan couldn’t wait to stand up now and cheer Xiao Ran loudly.Son, you didn’t let me down, Dad!I know I will never misread you, you are always worthy of my trust, you are really the best!What kind of ominous premonition? What kind of metaphysical flag? I know that these things are all false, they are all self-deception, and it is impossible to happen.Hahaha, perfect evaluation, here I come!Su Mingyuan smiled in his heart.At this time, he did not forget to pretend on the surface that he was angry after getting slapped in the face, and roared fiercely at Xiao Ran, “Xiao Ran! Good! I didn’t expect you to have such a means, so you’re really not afraid to offend me…”However, before the cruel words of his incompetence and fury of the loser were finished, Xiao Ran suddenly faced him and bowed deeply, interrupting his words, leaving him stunned, shocked and at a loss for a while. .“Su Mingyuan, Su… Young Master.”Xiao Ran gritted his teeth, enduring humiliation and resentment, and said in a calm and even humble tone as much as possible, “Young Master Su, please forgive my offence some time ago, I Xiao Ran has fully realised my mistakes, realised my humbleness and insignificance, and brought you the trouble because of my arrogance…”“I hereby express my sincere apologies to you again, and here I present the mysterious ancient jade I just got from the auction, hoping to get your understanding. Just as you said, Young Master Su, only you can match such beautiful jade. Yes. Once again, I urge you to accept this. Let go of the past, disregard the past, and forgive me for being young and frivolous and arrogant at the time.”Xiao Ran’s choked voice echoed in the silent hall.Everyone was stunned.Su Mingyuan was also stunned.Not only was he stunned, he was so shocked that his pupils trembled, his scalp tingled, and his little face that was flushed with excitement turned white in a single moment.Everyone did not expect that Xiao Ran had already succeeded in slapping the face. As a result, he suddenly turned around, and in front of everyone here, begged Su Mingyuan for forgiveness, and even bought it for 50 million.The ancient jade gave him an apology as an apology.It turned out that this was the final reversal!So exciting, so exciting!The whole process was full of twists and turns, and it was wonderful. If you hadn’t seen the end, you would never have guessed that this would be the result!At this moment, the entire audience said that this melon was simply too delicious!Except for two people.Xiao Ran, who endured extreme humiliation alone, was suffering from incomparable pain.The other was Su Mingyuan, who was equally stunned and suffered from incomparable pain.“Xiao Ran, you…what did you say? You actually…”Su Mingyuan was so angry that he couldn’t even utter a complete sentence.At this time, Xiao Ran didn’t dare to look up at Su Mingyuan’s face, for fear that he could not bear the grievance.He thought that Su Mingyuan’s words were meant to humiliate him, asking him to apologise again in front of everyone.The clenched fist was almost crushed by him, but since he has already apologised once and suffered humiliation once, what is the point of suffering again?“If you don’t understand, Young Master Su, you can ask me to repeat it several times, as long as I can get your understanding…”Xiao Ran clenched his teeth and said those humble words again loudly and humiliatingly.And when Su Mingyuan heard him say this in front of him again, he was so angry that he pointed at Xiao Ran, and he could barely lift his hand!Xiao Ran!Is this what you should say? !Is this what you should do? !Your perseverance, your spirit of resistance!Rebellious son!Rebellious son!At the same time, half an hour ago, a plane had just landed at Mingjing Airport.The killer Viper, ranked 73rd on the world’s killer list, left the airport with a group of brothers one after another, took a bus and drove to downtown Ming city.Then, they encountered Murong Hongxue’s elite subordinates ambushed them on the way. Almost the entire army was annihilated, and only Viper escaped.At this moment, in the dark jungle of Yanming Mountain, the Viper was covered in scars and blood stains all over his face. He took out his mobile phone tremblingly. He was the only one left alive.It was only now that he took a moment to contact the boss on the way to escape for his life, and contact the king of killers who ranked first in the world’s killer rankings, Qingdi.“Beep…beep…beep…”The phone got through, and Viper kept praying to Qingdi to get on the phone quickly and arrange for someone to answer him.However, Xiao Ran had already muted his phone, and at this moment he was in a moment of incomparable humiliation. He didn’t have time to take out his phone, so he didn’t even know that his good brother Viper was at the juncture of life and death and was in urgent need of his help.“Qingdi, Qingdi, please answer the phone!Hurry up!”The phone rang more than a dozen times but was still not connected. Viper looked at the figure who was chasing after him, and he was about to cry out of grievance.