Su Mingyuan’s office was large.It was lavishly decorated, with expensive carpet on the floor, desks made of fine wood, and two rows of sideboards on either side, one for various famous wines and the other for exquisite jade.This office had a secret door that led to a beautiful bedroom with a bathroom.Su Mingyuan seemed to have a liking for good wine and exquisite jade and wore a piece of dragon chalcedony jade around his waist all year. It was said that the jade was made from natural materials and gems, which could be traced back to the Qi refining period of the pre-Qin Dynasty. It was more precious and it was rarer than the Hetian jade that the public often hears.It was said that it was made from natural materials and gems, which could be traced back to the qi refining period of the pre-Qin Dynasty. It was more precious and it was rarer than the Hetian jade that the public often hears.In his previous life, Su Mingyuan would be in this office, hiding in the bedroom, toying with precious jades, drinking great wine, indulging in pleasure, and embracing the beauties.As one would say, fine jade as beauty , delicious wine drunk beauty.And Xiao Ruoruo was one of the most beautiful women that Su Mingyuan had ever seen.After all, she is one of the female protagonists.“Come here.”Hearing his order, Xiao Ruoruo approached him timidly.As she drew near, her look became even more stunning.Her face was like an autumn moon; her eyebrows were beautiful.Her beauty demeanor was like a lotus flower in a river garden.She was still attending school, and had not been exposed to the dirty society.The way she looked at things with those clear eyes made it hard for people not to be drawn in.“President Su, I only came to the company for an internship yesterday. I don’t know much about the company’s affairs and the specific situation…”Her voice was also gentle and timid, which made people want to bully her in some way.Su Mingyuan smiled as he carefully picked up a report off the table:“Am I here to ask you to report company affairs to me? Ruoruo, the moment you enter this office, you should be ready by heart, right?”#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.comThe smile on Su Mingyuan’s face at this moment made Xiao Ruoruo a little scared.“President… President Su, I don’t understand what you’re talking about…”She clearly didn’t understand because her character in the novel was a good nor a bad person.In this world, she was indeed like this. Although her family had an unforeseen event and older Brother Xiaoran fell to the orphanage to survive, she had always maintained a pure and beautiful heart while growing up.She did not know that she had been chosen as an intern secretary because Su Mei saw her outstanding appearance and thought that it was good luck that the general manager chose her from a group of competing classmates.However, she would soon understand.#pleasereadthischapteratwondernovels.com“Don’t understand?”Su Mingyuan chuckled as he stared at her, “Didn’t Su Mei tell you? What happened to the woman who became my intern secretary and entered this office? ”“What…what happens? ”Su Mingyuan abruptly rose from his boss chair, his towering frame standing across Xiao Ruoruo like a lion.The sunlight behind him cast a long shadow along his body, like a starving falcon swooping down on its prey.He lifted Xiao Ruoruo’s chin frivolously, caressed his fingers across her silky white and fragile skin, and whispered in her ear: “What will happen?”“Even if you’re naive, shouldn’t you have guessed it by now?”“You know, this office also has a hidden bedroom that was designed exclusively for me to have fun with the women. Inside, there is a very big and soft bed. You will later lie on it obediently. ““You should never have slept in such a comfortable and luxurious bed, right?Hearing this, Xiao Ruoruo still didn’t understand Su Mingyuan’s meaning.“No, don’t! ”“President Su, I’m just an intern secretary… ““It’s not suitable for me!”She slapped Su Mingyuan’s hand away in panic and turned to leave.However, the office door was already closed when Su Mingyuan came in.And it was locked.Furthermore, there had been two devoted bodyguards at the door, guarding side by side.She seems to have no means of escape.After being slapped by Xiao Ruoruo, Su Mingyuan was not annoyed, and turned back to his desk.He enjoyed seeing beautiful women display such fear.Moreover he needed to give the male protagonist, Xiao Ran, enough time to get here and stop him.After all, as a villain, how could he touch the main protagonist’s woman?Touching her hands and her face was already at the top of the sky; as for wanting to go further, he doesn’t even think about it.“Urban Supremacy Emperor” is a cool novel that is perfect for reading without a brain, but it’s not a novel that describes giving men the authority to go beyond.He was free to assault, abduct, and physically ridicule the female protagonists, but he was not allowed to excessively attack their bodies.However this female protagonist is a part of Xiao Ran’s harem.How can I, as a villain, dare to make a move on her?What if I dared? My villain value will be lessened!Su Mingyuan couldn’t understand why that was the case. Wouldn’t things be fair for a villain if they could act boldly against a female protagonist?Why should his villain points be reduced?However, this was what the system incessantly warned him about, the system that didn’t dare let him transmigrate into a cool online novel like “Condor Heroes” or “The Sentimental Swordsman”.Su Mingyuan once had a dumb idea and asked the system, “Although I can’t take the initiative to sexually assault women, what if one day these women’s nerves flare up and shove me back?”The system replied like this:[As long as it is not the host’s initiative, your villain value will not be deducted ][However, the host should avoid being pretentious. Unless the world’s origin gets severely damaged, the world will go dormant, and the aura of the male protagonist ceases to exist, this kind of thing will never happen.]“Haha, I’m just kidding. ”Su Mingyuan had laughed at the time, and never had such a ridiculous idea in his heart again.Su Mingyuan did not make direct contact with Xiao Ruoruo at this time, instead he picked up the report on the table.It was a report that recorded Xiao Ruoruo’s personal information.Meanwhile, Xia Xueqi, the newly appointed president of Xuanmei Company and Su Mingyuan’s fiancee, had appointed the male protagonist, Xiao Ran, as her bodyguard.Currently, he was chatting with another colleague in their security company.A few days ago, Xia Xueqi, the President of a cosmetics company, accidentally encountered a thief while shopping. Fortunately, she was rescued by Xiao Ran, who had just returned to the capital.Seeing that he was very capable, Xia Xueqi offered him a high salary and asked him to be her assistant. His main duty was to guard her safety.Ming city’s law and order had always been excellent. No one knew why a thief appeared that day, and the robber just stole Xia Xueqi’s belongings. Nonetheless, the thief had collided with Xiao Ran, prompting him to stage the “hero saves the beauty”.At this moment, while Xia Xueqi was working in the office, Xiao Ran and his colleagues were chatting in a low voice outside the office.“I didn’t expect that Brother Yang was originally the runner-up in the national mixed martial arts competition. Forgive me.”“My skill is simply subpar. You worked as a bodyguard in another country and learned some shooting skills. You must be much stronger than me.”“There is no way. Unfortunately, my sister is not in good health, and she needs money to treat her illness. ”“You have a younger sister? ”“Yes, she went to school at Ming City Film Academy and is currently working as an intern for an Entertainment company. I think the name of the company is Mingyuan Entertainment Company…”“Mingyuan Entertainment Company?!”“What’s the matter, Brother Yang? ”“Su Mingyuan, the boss of Mingyuan Entertainment Company, is one of the four great devils in Ming City, who seem to have a liking for good wine, fine jade and beautiful women. It is said that he has to change his secretary every month. He needs an intern secretary, but you can probably guess what it really is. Xiao Ran, your sister, she will not simply…”Suddenly his face darkened.“Brother Yang, please request a leave of absence from President Xia for me. I’m very worried”“I have to go and see my sister!”Translated by: Chichipe13Edited by: Summit & Bluburrycat