This kind of impolite behavior mixed with politeness made Duan Feifan very uncomfortable, and his face couldn’t even find a suitable expression.“We are in the way,” Dong Kun pulled on his arm and asked in a low voice, “What car is this?”Duan Feifan ignored Dong Kun, but glanced at the man in the car before stepping to the side of the road.But after they stepped away, the car didn’t drive over immediately. Instead, it approached at a slow speed that was almost in a provocative way, as if it was saying “Are you unconvinced?” Finally, the car came to a stop where the car window was right next to them.“What’s your problem?” Duan Feifan looked into the car.There were two of them in there. The one in the passenger’s seat looked kind and seemed to be a little embarrassed. The driver also didn’t have the domineering expression as expected and instead looked very calm.Even as he answered Duan Feifan’s question, he was still calm.“I don’t have any,” he said.“If you don’t have a problem, then just go in!” Duan Feifan looked at him, “You think someone’s going to park your car for you?”“Where’s the parking lot?” The driver’s glance went from him to Dong Kun, who was wearing a red welcome event staff jacket. “Hello, do you know where the parking lot is?”“Huh?” After being asked directions, Dong Kun took a while to react, “It’s your car? Are you a student…? This never happened before. There is a parking lot, but it’s not open to the public. You might need to file some documents first…”“I’m here to drop off my younger brother,” said the driver as he pointed to the person next to him, “I’m here as a parent.”The round-head person in the passenger seat nodded and said, “Nice to meet you.”“… For parents, there’s an open space ahead on the right. It’s a temporary parking lot.” Dong Kun replied.“Thank you,” nodded the person.“You’re welcome.” Dong Kun also nodded.“Jiang Kuo.” The person reached out his hand from the car window.“… Dong Kun.” Dong Kun hesitated for two seconds before reaching out his hand.After the two shook hands, Jiang Kuo’s eyes looked at Duan Feifan.Duan Feifan was also looking at him.Just as Duan Feifan thought that a handshake wouldn’t need to be this awkward and reached out his hand well, Jiang Kuo smiled and hit the gas. Instantly, the car drove forward amidst the noise of the engine.“Fuck your past twenty-eight generations,” said Duan Feifan behind the car.“What car is that?” Dong Kun didn’t know what he was thinking right now and returned to his previous question persistently.“Porsche. It’s spelled P something S something CHE. It’s written on the car.” Duan Feifan was speechless. He wanted to see where Ding Zhe was, and when he turned to look around, he saw Ding Zhe coming over with eyes fixed on the car that left.“This is my first time seeing such a color for this model,” said Ding Zhe, “So eye-catching… Do you know him?”“No,” Dong Kun said, “He’s just asking for directions.“Walk me to my dorm, upperclassmen,” said Duan Feifan.“Let’s go!” Ding Zhe waved his hand, “We prepared a single room for you. Old Li feared that you haven’t recovered yet, so we arranged it for you, since there happened to be one extra.”“… Isn’t this too much of a privilege?” said Duan Feifan, “I can run a full marathon right now.”“Of course not! You deserve it!” Dong Kun patted him on the shoulder and lowered his voice, “Don’t refuse this offer. With your single room, it’ll be easier for us to gather at your place.”…“Are you sure this is a temporary parking lot? It should be a badminton court here.” Dapao looked around and said, “You should have waited for that person to finish…”“Who cares? Didn’t he just want me to file some papers? We’ll have to park here anyway.” Jiang Kuo patted the roof of the car and said, “Call the 4S shop to pick up this car this afternoon. The left headlight is dying and needs to be fixed. When we were going through the car wash at the gas station, I almost thought that the water gun was going to blow the headlight away. Also, the chassis…”“So you’re afraid that the headlight’s going to be blown away?” Just thinking about what happened two nights ago made Dapao furious, “You aren’t even afraid of losing your life! If it wasn’t for the stack of hay the farmer placed there, you could run over half an acre of land!”“Wasn’t it all because I had to go pick you up?” Jiang Kuo concluded.“… Yeah,” nodded Dapao, “All my fault. Brother, you want me to go register first?”“You make the call,” said Jiang Kuo.“Fine, I’ll call the shop. Are you going to use insurance?” Dapao asked as he took out his phone and sat down on a bench.“Fuck the insurance,” said Jiang Kuo, “The car’s under my dad’s name.”“Right,” Dapao waved his hand, “You go register for me then, brother. I’ll be waiting for you here.”It was a huge campus. The road that they drove on after entering the school seemed to lead into a small mountain. From the building and the land alone, the school had to be a top-tier college.He heard that the school wasn’t far away from the city, and even so, it still had a mountain as a part of the campus. How awesome!Jiang Kuo went to the welcoming site and was taken to his major’s registration desk. He didn’t know about the process, so he just took out the documents as he was told, and before long, he returned with a card in his hand.“All done?” Dapao looked at him.“Think so,” said Jiang Kuo as he put the card in his pocket, “Let’s go check out the dorm.”“Shop called and said they can pick it up as long as the car can still drive, but it’s quite pricey.” Before Jiang Kuo could speak, Dapao added, “I know, price doesn’t matter.”Today was the last day for new student registration. And most students were hanging out in the school.The dormitory was also very lively, especially the first and second floors where the freshmen stayed.Jiang Kuo’s dorm was on the first floor, and as he walked down the hallway looking for his room, he glanced into the other rooms from time to time. Finally, he stopped and looked at Dapao, “It’s a four-person dorm, and did you even see the AC?”“I don’t think I did,” said Dapao, “But it shouldn’t be a surprise that we got a four-person room. You should be happy that you didn’t get an eight-person one.”“We should go out and rent our own room,” said Jiang Kuo.“Didn’t you ask already? Freshmen aren’t allowed,” reminded Dapao.“So what? What would they do about it if I did?” Jiang Kuo said as he continued forward angrily.Dapao pulled him back, “We’re here.”Jiang Kuo looked at the door: 119.There were several people in the room with unpacked luggage on the floor.“The last person is here.” Someone said.Everyone in the room turned their head toward the door.Jiang Kuo quickly counted. Six people. He then glanced at the beds in the room. Four beds.He felt relieved.“You’re Jiang Kuo, right?” The person furthest from him asked.“Yeah,” answered Jiang Kuo.“Don’t be nervous,” said that person again, and his hand pointed toward two of the people in the room, “Us four will be rooming together, and these two are our neighbors.”Jiang Kuo frowned a little as he glanced at him.What’s up with this guy? Do I seem nervous at all?“Is that your dad behind you who came to drop you off?” asked another person.Jiang Kuo wanted to laugh, and he glanced at Dapao who was still mostly outside the room.“Do you know how to talk? Are you nearsighted?” Dapao walked into the room and stood under the light, “If you can’t see, then open the lights!”Dapao was not a good-tempered person. With his tone, he made the atmosphere in the room seem like a prep to a bar fight.Everyone was silent, all staring at him in shock.“Sorry, I didn’t see you well just then.” The person smiled awkwardly.“He’s my friend,” said Jiang Kuo as he tapped on Dapao’s shoulder with a finger. “Wait for me at the door, daddy.” Dapao turned to look at him as he said that.Dapao glanced around the room again before walking out.“How arrogant!” Someone said after finally realizing what happened.“Forget it, it’s just a misunderstanding.” A fatty clapped his hands with a smile on his face, “Jiang Kuo, where’s your luggage?”“Don’t have any,” said Jiang Kuo as he looked at the bed next to him.The bed was on top of a desk, and it seemed spacious enough. The wooden bed also seemed to be more acceptable than those metal ones he had seen before. There was even a small drawer under the stairs to the bed.“Which one would you like?” asked the fatty.“Have you all chosen?” asked Jiang Kuo.“Yeah,” nodded the fatty.Jiang Kuo smiled and said, “Then what’s the point of the question? Just tell me which one is left?”Just as the fatty was about to point at one, the person who thought Dapao was his dad spoke, “It’s alright. We aren’t unreasonable people. If there’s one that you like to have, I’m sure we can make changes.”Right, so it’s Dapao who’s unreasonable.Jiang Kuo looked at him. He was a sturdy-looking young man.“I like leftovers,” said Jiang Kuo as he walked out of the dorm, “Sorry about what happened earlier.”“Do you want to have lunch with…” The fatty said loudly as Jiang Kuo was leaving.But someone interrupted him before he could finish.“Let him be, why even bother inviting such a guy?”“You sure made a good start for my first meeting with my roommates,” said Jiang Kuo as he reached the dorm entrance and gave a thumbs up toward Dapao.“Even without me,” Dapao followed him out, “Your start won’t be any better. Don’t you know your personality? You even said it yourself, people like you don’t deserve to be cared for by others.”“You sure are quick,” Jiang Kuo glanced at him and also saw the room behind him. Jiang Kuo suddenly stopped and said, “Hold up.”“What?” asked Dapao.“I saw a room with only two beds.” Jiang Kuo took two steps back and stopped in front of the dorm door.Dapao also stepped back, and when he peeked inside, he saw a familiar face.Duan Feifan was stretched out on a reclining chair with two people wearing red welcome jackets beside him. One of them was Dong Kun.There was even a reclining chair here.“Your mandatory military training also got waived…” Ding Zhe stopped in the middle of his sentence.Duan Feifan also looked up from his phone and saw Jiang Kuo with his younger brother.“Hello,” Dong Kun also recognized them, “Did you manage to find your room?”“I did,” said Jiang Kuo pointing down the hallway, “It was the one at the very end.”“Anything else that you need help with?” asked Dong Kun.“Yes,” Jiang Kuo knocked on the door, “May I enter?”“Sure, please come in,” nodded Dong Kun, who then looked at Dapao, “Fellow classmate, I don’t know your name yet.”“Just call him Dapao,” said Jiang Kuo.Dong Kun was a little shocked and said, “But…”“He’s not the one attending classes,” Duan Feifan said and looked at Jiang Kuo, “You are the one, right?”Jiang Kuo just looked at him and didn’t speak.“Oh?” Dong Kun smiled, “Really?”Jiang Kuo twitched the corner of his mouth and said, “Sorry, I was just in a hurry to park my car.”“Was that car yours?” asked Ding Zhe. He loved cars and had been attending every car show possible. Of course, he wouldn’t give up this opportunity to ask.“Yeah,” nodded Jiang Kuo.“Are you going to be driving to class?” asked Dong Kun, “If so, then you need to talk to a counselor. A parking permit will be required.”“I’m not in a rush. The car will be taken to the repair shop this afternoon anyway.” Jiang Kuo looked around the room and said, “Just two beds in this room?”“Yeah, this was an extra room,” said Ding Zhe.“Who lives here?” asked Jiang Kuo.“Me,” replied Duan Feifan.“Just you?” Jiang Kuo raised an eyebrow.“Yeah,” nodded Duan Feifan.Jiang Kuo didn’t say anything and stepped outside the room to look at the names written beside the door. 107, Duan Feifan.There really was only one name written.“Single room?” Jiang Kuo looked at Duan Feifan.“You can think of it that way,” said Duan Feifan.“How,” said Dapao, “can you get a single room?”“This is the last one?” said Duan Feifan.“Then who did you request this from?” asked Dapao.“Assigned.” Duan Feifan crossed his legs and shook his toes.In the current situation, Dapao took this as a blunt offense. His voice raised instantly, “There have to be some rules, right? What made you so special?”“Hey, hey, don’t get us wrong,” Dong Kun shook his arms between the two of them, “There is a reason.”“I got clout.” Duan Feifan ignored the painstaking efforts that Dong Kun was trying to make by maintaining peace among them.“Ha, now that’s interesting.” Dapao stared at him.“Dapao,” Jiang Kuo yelled from the door, “Let’s go.”After staring at Duan Feifan for a while, Dapao walked outside and looked at the name beside the door, “Duan Feifan, right?”“Ye~~ah!” nodded Duan Feifan.“Noted,” said Dapao.“See you later,” nodded Duan Feifan again.“We will,” Dapao also nodded.The two seemed to be saying farewell in the most polite way possible.“Hu Zhenyu!” Jiang Kuo turned his head back impatiently after reaching the front doors of the dorm building, “Do you just want to go grab a pillow and live in his room for a while?”Several students beside them looked over.…“Damn,” Ding Zhe looked in the direction where they left, “What is that person? How come even the bodyguard seems so arrogant?”“What made you think that every follower would be a bodyguard?” Duan Feifan stretched his arms, “In that case, I got two in uniforms beside me.”“Come on, you think we look even close to bodyguards in uniforms?” said Dong Kun, “This morning I was wearing this to get bottled water from the convenient store across the street, and a grandma who thought that I was a city volunteer was urging me to help weigh the apples in her hand.”Duan Feifan and Ding Zhe almost choked with laughter.“I forgot to introduce myself to Jiang Kuo,” Ding Zhe sighed after laughing, “I still wanted to take a closer look at his car. I didn’t even get a chance to talk because of that bodyguard-without-a-uniform.”“I warn you now,” said Duan Feifan looking at him, “Don’t you dare to trade this room for something like letting you drive his car for once.”“Do you think I’m that kind of person?!” yelled Ding Zhe.“Yep,” said Duan Feifan and Dong Kun at the same time.…It was indeed a large school. Jiang Kuo and Dapao even got tired after circling the campus once to figure out where all the buildings were.“Let’s go pick up the car and get some supplies.” He tugged his collar.“Isn’t there a supermarket just outside the school?” Dapao pointed toward the school gates, “Didn’t we both notice it while driving by?”“Yeah,” Jiang Kuo nodded.“You think you can’t find your toothpaste, shampoo, and such in this large of a supermarket?” said Dapao, “And yet you still want to get your car…”“Daddy,” Jiang Kuo tugged his clothes, “I got to buy some clothes. I only have two sets counting the one I bought from the stand next to the gas station. If I don’t get some today, I’ll be wearing an old man’s shirt to the welcome ceremony.”“Fine, fine, fine,” Dapao agreed quickly, “Let’s just find the largest market we can find here.”“I need to use your phone,” Jiang Kuo reached out his hand in front of Dapao after they got in the car.Dapao gave him the phone.When Jiang Kuo was in the middle of entering his dad’s phone number, a caller suggestion “Boss Jiang” popped up. He took a deep breath and pressed call.The call got picked up instantly on the other end.“Dapao?” His dad’s voice sounded.“It’s me,” said Jiang Kuo.“What do you want?” His dad’s gentle voice turned cold immediately.“I’m at the school now,” Jiang Kuo hesitated and said, “Everything went well.”“Humph,” His dad answered, “The day you come back for the holiday is the day you’ll die.”“That’s a worry for later,” smiled Jiang Kuo.“Bastard.” His dad hung up.“How is it?” asked Dapao.“Same as usual,” said Jiang Kuo, “If I don’t call him now, he will tell Jiang Liaoliao to call me instead. That would be embarrassing.”As they were driving down the road toward the school gates, they attracted many students’ eyes, and several teachers even glanced into the car, which made Jiang Kuo a little uncomfortable and rolled up the windows.“So, you do feel embarrassed,” said Dapao.“This is the school,” said Jiang Kuo, “Do you ever see me being embarrassed when I’m with you people?”“What do you mean by ‘you people?'” said Dapao, “We are on the same team.”“… When I’m with those people…”When Jiang Kuo got out of the school gates and was about to enter a small road, they saw three people standing in the middle of the road.The road only led to the school, and there weren’t many cars passing by at the time of the day, so the three of them were looking at their phones comfortably.“Fate it is,” said Dapao joyfully, leaning back on his seat.Jiang Kuo sighed and stopped his car five meters away from them.After waiting for a while, Duan Feifan and the other two still didn’t look over.“Honk the horn,” said Dapao, “They’ll never get out of our way like this!”“Shut up. Stop being arrogant,” frowned Jiang Kuo.He didn’t want to honk the horn. All he wanted was to buy all the necessities and take a good nap in his dorm. After the two days of traveling, he didn’t even care whether there was AC or not, he just needed some rest.A second later, he slammed on the gas while on parking mode.The effect was great. The car stayed in place, and with the roar of the engine, all three of them turn their heads.Duan Feifan’s expression cannot be described with words.“Kid,” Dapao said looking ahead, “Who do you think is the arrogant one here?”Translated by: Summit