Under this exact situation…Jiang Kuo felt that Duan Feifan had already overwhelmed him just by the halo of air-conditioning.Facing the aggressive expression and tone, he couldn’t even find an appropriate response.Under this embarrassing situation, in which he had already been completely defeated, he couldn’t just say that he was trying to get some cool air from the room.But he still got his ways. Jiang Kuo disregarded Duan Feifan’s questions. He bent down again and untied his shoelaces in one smooth, swift motion.Then, he slowly tied it again.He stood back up and walked forward without even looking toward Duan Feifan. As he walked, he didn’t forget to add, “You scared me there.”Duan Feifan didn’t say anything nor did he close the door.But Jiang Kuo walked steadily and turned around at a corner determinedly, heading toward the entrance and leaving the site of shame.“Where are you going?” A loud, clear voice stopped him.Apart from Jiang Yushan, this was the second loudest voice Jiang Kuo had ever heard. It was very quiet at night, and he jumped at the voice before turning around.“Huh?” He looked toward where the voice came from and saw a man looking at him from a window.“Don’t go out,” said the man loudly, “The door’s locked!”Jiang Kuo didn’t say a word and insisted: he kept on walking to the door of the dormitory. After carefully making sure that the doors were indeed locked, he turned around and walked to the window, “Sir, the school hasn’t officially started yet. There are still many things I have to do. I have to go out.”“It’s 12. What can you do at midnight! Go out next morning if you want to. It’s all for you kids’ safety! There were three more that tried to go out, and I’ve already dragged them back,” said the man in his office beside the door, “You all came from other cities. Stop wondering around in the middle of the night!”“Sir,” Jiang Kuo didn’t give up. He looked sincerely at the man and said, “I didn’t even get all my bedding yet. My dad will bring it over for me from the hotel…”“Your dad?” The man stuck his head out of the window and looked at him, “Boy, you are pretty good at making things up, aren’t you?”“I really didn’t make it up,” Jiang Kuo felt that the man might know something, but he was still very calm, “I…”“Your name is Jiang Kuo, right?” The uncle interrupted him.“Yeah, how did you know my name?” Jiang Kuo nodded.“Even idiots would know that you’re lying,” said the man, “Who didn’t see that you walked in with your team of helpers? You probably got enough for your roommates as well!”Jiang Kuo was speechless.He never thought that he wouldn’t have failed because of that.“Your dad didn’t even come,” said the man waving his hand, “You’re famous now, and stop making things up! Not to mention the new students, even some teachers know that there’s a freshman with a sports car… Your dad, huh? You think anyone will believe that round-head is your dad?”The booming loud sound shook Jiang Kuo in a daze.He failed again because of Dapao!After a long time, he took a breath and said to the man respectfully, “I get it. I’ll head back right now.”“That’s right, go back!” said the man waving his hand while sitting back on his chair, still staring at him, “Don’t try to play tricks with me.”Looks like there’s no way that he could go out tonight.Jiang Kuo started walking back slowly in dejection. He wasn’t really planning to make trouble outside. He was just hot, unbearably hot. The more terrifying part was that he couldn’t fall asleep, and he might not be able to fall asleep all night.Just a couple of steps into the hallway, the cool air came rushing to him again.This time, it wasn’t just to his ankle but his whole body, from top to bottom.Nice.But the next second, it wasn’t nice anymore.107’s door was still open, and Duan Feifan was still standing there with his elbow leaning against the door frame, looking at him happily.“You’re back?” asked Duan Feifan with a smile.“Are you trying to piss me off?” Jiang Kuo stopped and looked at him.“Good night.” Duan Feifan stepped back and lifted his hand. With a loud bang, the door was slammed shut right in front of his eyes.“Fuck you.” Jiang Kuo kicked the door fiercely.Pretty sturdy door. It only shook a little.Someone from the room behind him opened the door and peeked out, “What’s going on?! Trying to sleep here!”Jiang Kuo turned around.“Yo, young master, what kind of prestige are you playing in the middle of the night?” the person said, “This is the school dormitory. If you want to keep your arrogance, go back to your home.”Jiang Kuo glanced at him but didn’t say anything. For Jiang Kuo, this wasn’t enough to get him angry. Duan Feifei’s provocation was much more irritable.”What does that mean?” The person probably misunderstood his attitude and immediately accepted the challenge, walking out of the dorm room as he spoke.The quality of this school wasn’t really impressive. Every student here was so aggressive.Including himself.Jiang Kuo approached him and said quietly, “Fellow classmate. Let me explain.”The person looked at him warily.“Normally, people like you…” Jiang Kuo continued in a low voice, “won’t even be enough for me to talk to. Good night.”Before the person could speak, he already left.“Fuck!” The person yelled.Duan Feifei put on his clothes and opened his dorm door.He was about to go buy some night snacks just then, but it was best not to let any of the new students see him doing that, especially now after the freshmen just got to school. As he was about to go out, he ran into Jiang Kuo.At this time, the person standing in the hallway was very furious, almost as if the next second, the person would go kick Jiang Kuo.As the door opened, the person’s emotions were interrupted, and he took a glance at Duan Feifan.“Not going to sleep?” Duan Feifan walked out of the dorm and closed the door behind him.All the new students have heard about Ding Zhe and Dong Kun these two “senior students” hanging out with him. Probably wanted to save some trouble, the person just said “going to bed” and shut the door.Duan Feifei watched Jiang Kuo walk in slowly into room 119, and after the door was closed, he turned around and walked towards the building entrance.“Uncle Zhao.” He walked next to the security room window and knocked on the glass.“Going home at this hour?” Uncle Zhao opened the window.“Going to buy a Spicy Hot Pot1麻辣烫 – Ma La Tang,” said Duan Feifan, “I can bring you one too, what do you want?””Don’t want any,” said Uncle Zhao as he poked his head out the window and looked down the hallway, “You, kid, are being a bad role model right on the first day.”“Who am I being a role model to? No one will see me,” said Duan Feifan, smiling, “When’s your next break day? My uncle is waiting to drink with you sometime soon.”“Get going,” Uncle Zhao said as he threw a key to Duan Feifan. Before Duan Feifan left for the door, he added, “Next Wednesday.”“Okay,” Duan Feifan opened the lock on the door and walked out of the building. After he got out he put the lock back on the metal door.The first day in this new environment started with Jiang Kuo going completely insomnia and having nowhere to go.He sat on the chair in the dorm room and listened to his roommate’s snoring. They seemed to not be affected by the sweltering heat at all and were all sleeping soundly.Jiang Kuo sent a message to Dapao, but he didn’t get a reply. That guy’s probably dead asleep as well.He stood up and walked out of the room again.The hallway was noticeably several degrees cooler than in the room. He went back into the room and grabbed a chair into the hallway. The only railing that could see the outside happened to be between his room and 118 next door.While sighing gently, he put his legs on the railing, slid down the chair a little, and leaned his head back.For the first time in his 18 years of life, he felt homesick.He missed his bed; he missed his couch; he missed his…A sound came from the other end of the hallway and appeared very clear in the quiet night.As he turned, he saw Duan Feifan with a plastic bag, walking into room 107.He could even see some hot steam coming out from the bag.Let there be a flash of lightning that could zap 107 away!Jiang Kuo closed his eyes in despair. He couldn’t even get angry anymore.Duan Feifan obviously went out after he got kicked back here. That kid successfully got passed that old man’s blockade and got a late-night snack, or he might have ordered a delivery… And now, he was in the A/C room enjoying it happily.Let there be a flash of lightning that could zap 107 away!“Jiang Kuo?” Someone pushed on him a little, “Why are you here?”Jiang Kuo opened his eyes, and his tears were immediately stimulated by the strong light.“Huh?” He quickly closed his eyes and rubbed them.“You didn’t go into the room?” It was the dauntless-looking roommate’s voice.Jiang Kuo finally woke up and realized that he slept through the entire night on a chair in the hallway.“It’s hot, and I…” He suddenly remembered the position he was in before he fell asleep last night. His feet were still on the railing, and his neck was stuck on the back of the chair. At this moment, he felt as if someone slashed him more than a hundred times. “Ahhh…”“Stiff now, huh?” It was the fatty’s voice this time.“Give… me a… hand.” Jiang Kuo squeezed the words out of his mouth while gritting his teeth in pain.The dauntless-looking and fatty roommates both came over, one supporting his waist and the other raising his legs. Then, they both looked at him in shock.“Is it really that hot?” asked the fatty.Jiang Kuo looked at him, who was almost twice his size.How come the fatty didn’t even feel hot? Maybe it wasn’t hot after all?He was speechless and slowly stood up to go back to the room.1麻辣烫 – Ma La Tang