His roommates were all washed up. Jiang Kuo was planning to wash up first before taking a shower. As he was brushing his teeth, he suddenly heard someone from outside.“All up?” a female voice sounded at the door, “May I come in?”“Yeah, we’re all up. You’re the counselor, right?” the dauntless-looking roommate said, “Please come in.”“Please come in.” The other two greeted as well.Jiang Kuo looked back with his toothbrush in his mouth. Dong Kun and another young lady walked into the room. The young lady seemed to be in her late twenties at most and was smiling as she walked.“Good morning everyone,” Dong Kun looked around the room and said, “Let me introduce to you Sister Ning, your counselor.”“I’m Lu Ning,” Sister Ning smiled as she nodded toward them, “You can just call me Sister Ning.”“Sister Ning.” The people in the room greeted in unison.Jiang Kuo also uttered some noises with the toothbrush in his mouth.“Is everyone getting used to the environment?” asked Sister Ning.“It’s pretty good,” said the dauntless-looking man.It’s not good. No AC.“This is my number.” After chatting a little, Sister Ning took out a little card and placed it on the desk. “If any of you encountered any difficulties or if you have any questions, you’re welcome to come to find me… Those who haven’t gotten your military training uniforms remember to pick them up later. Training will start tomorrow, and I’ll be with you the whole time. This afternoon, there will be a small welcome ceremony, mainly so that everyone can get to know each other. Now, I’ll talk about the arrangements for the upcoming days. Everyone is expected to participate on time… Jiang Kuo, do you want to finish brushing your teeth first?”Sister Ning suddenly looked at Jiang Kuo and said with a smile.“Emm.” Jiang Kuo went back into the restroom and spit out the toothpaste.Sister Ning was speaking this whole time and he didn’t even have time to go back inside. In a bit, he would start to drool.Sister Ning didn’t stay for too long, as she have other dorm rooms to go to.After she and Dong Kun left, Jiang Kuo went to take a shower, and as he came out, he noticed that there was no one in the dorm room anymore. One day was all it took for him to be isolated by his roommates.How miserable.Jiang Kuo picked up the card on the table and saved her number.He then called Dapao to meet at the school gates to get some breakfast.As he walked past 107 on his way out, he saw that the door was closed, and everything looked normal. No signs of being struck by lightning.“Didn’t you sleep?” Dapao looked at him for a while and said, “How come you looked more tired than the night we slept in the town.”“Forget it,” said Jiang Kuo, waving his hand, “Hurry up, let’s go get some food. I still have to pick up my military training uniforms later, and the welcome ceremony is this afternoon.”“Do you want me to eat with you in the dining hall for lunch?” said Dapao. “I’ll experience some college life as well.”“You got problems.” Jiang Kuo glanced at him, “How about you go eat at the dining hall for breakfast as well?”“Have to get a good meal in the morning.” Dapao said as he put his arm around Jiang Kuo, “I already found a place, half an hour round trip by taxi. Didn’t you say you want to have some Red Rice Sausages the other day? I heard that this one was great.”Dapao was very reliable sometimes. This restaurant’s breakfast was indeed amazing.After a wild feast, Jiang Kuo felt that the unhappiness from yesterday was washed away a bit. He was in such a good mood that he even ordered an extra portion from each of his roommates.“I’ll come to find you at noon,” Dapao accompanied him back to school, “This afternoon, I’ll look for a house. No matter if you can come out or not, it’s best to rent a house for now. My dad has a friend who was working on a construction project nearby. I’ll go check out if that’s suitable as well.”“Okay,” Jiang Kuo nodded, “If not then you can just stay in the hotel for now. Reserve a month to start, and I’ll transfer some money to your account for that.”“You’re paying?” asked Dapao, “Save your money. I’m thinking that your dad isn’t going to give you any financial support.”“Don’t worry,” Jiang Kuo thought about it and said, “If he’s not supportive, I still got my mom.”“Spend your money wisely, Kuo’er, save them up for your future…” Dapao grabbed his hand and patted it gently, “You’re a rebel right now. Have you seen those novels and dramas? Rebels will be beaten down by society and become a new person…”“Get lost.” Jiang Kuo pulled back his hand.“Save some money!” Dapao stared at him.Jiang Kuo took the food back to the dormitory, and his roommates also came back in a couple of minutes.“Jiang Kuo,” the dauntless-looking man asked, “Have you picked up your uniforms yet?”“Not yet,” said Jiang Kuo. He was planning to leave the food in the room first before going. “I…”“See?” said the dauntless-looking man, “I told you that he hasn’t picked it up. He definitely couldn’t find the place.Jiang Kuo was a little speechless. He knew how to take care of himself, and he saw the place as he was walking in yesterday with Dapao, but he didn’t go immediately because he wanted to go out to buy the necessities.“That’s not it,” he sighed.“Tang Li picked it up for you,” said the fatty as he handed over a set of clothes, “We all thought that you picked them up already, but I didn’t expect that you actually didn’t.”That’s unexpected.Jiang Kuo never thought that they would help him pick up his clothes.The dauntless-looking man was called Tang Li.Tang Li, Tang Li, Tang Li… Don’t forget it again.“Thanks, man,” Jiang Kuo took the clothes and pointed at the boxes of food on the table, “I went out with a friend just then and packed some for you as well. Got a serving for everyone. Want to give it a try?”“Why so polite to us,” said the fatty as he opened up the bag.Tang Li looked at the box and said, “It’s not leftovers? You ordered it just for us?”“Yeah,” said Jiang Kuo looking at him “I ordered just enough for myself. Why?”“You can just bring back some leftovers. It’s quite expensive you know,” said Tang Li, “Buying an extra serving is too expensive… and wasteful.”“…I don’t usually have leftovers. If I want to bring you something, I will definitely order new ones.” Jiang Kuo couldn’t understand Tang Li’s logic. “Wouldn’t need to bring leftovers back home anyway.”“Yeah,” said the fatty, “Or we can make some leftovers for your, little old man.”Everyone smiled and Tang Li didn’t say anything else. They all dug in.Their tension finally eased a little. Although Jiang Kuo still hadn’t figured out what the fatty and the quiet one’s names were, he was too embarrassed to ask.“Are you going to the dining hall for lunch?” asked the fatty, “We went this morning, and it’s not bad.”“Yeah, my friend will tag along as well,” said Jiang Kuo, “He wants to experience it.”“He never been to a dining hall before?” the fatty was a little shocked, “You’ve never been to one as well?”Yeah, that’s right. I’ve never.“He never ate in a university dining hall before.” said Jiang Kuo with a smile.“Oh… I thought you rich second-generation are all so superficial.” The fatty nodded.Very superficial.The food in the dining hall was okay, Dapao had a good time eating, and Jiang Kuo took the opportunity for Dapao to get to know everyone to finally remember the names of the fatty and the quiet one.Li Zirui and Ma Xiao.After lunch, Dapao left, saying that he had already contacted a realtor and had a house to visit.Jiang Kuo and his roommates went back to the dorm, planning to take a little nap.Nap my ass!From just a short walk back to the dorm, he was already sweating. Looking at the others, they were sweating heavier than he was.Do they not feel hot?Jiang Kuo really wanted to ask, but he didn’t speak.Under this kind of situation, the one who asked must be the one who could endure the most.107’s door was open. The AC wasn’t on, and no one was inside.Jiang Kuo slowed down and peeked inside. He didn’t see any AC unit.Where’s the AC?He looked left and right, seeing that no one was looking this way, he quickly poked half of his body inside.No way that there’s a central AC!Although he thought it would be impossible, he still looked up.Seeing the vent right on top of the window, Jiang Kuo was shocked.This was the first time he saw a vent on top of the window.It’s really a central AC?After a slight hesitation, in line with the principle of knowledge expansion, he turned around and walked out of the dormitory to a place where he could see 107’s window from the outside.He saw a small end of an AC unit.It was an all-in-one AC unit!Looking at it, he could believe that there were such convenient products!Amazing!After some careful observations, he sighed, and when he was about to go back to his dorm, he suddenly felt that a figure was beside the window.Before he could react, the 107’s window was opened.Duan Feifan had his hands on the windowsill and looked at him expressionlessly.Jiang Kuo rolled his neck a couple of times and also turned away expressionlessly.… Quick, a flash of lightning, zap 107 away!He returned to the dorm room determinately. He wouldn’t rest well for a whole break. He felt sticky on his body, so he got up and took a shower.As he finished that, it was time for everyone to gather. Someone was blowing a whistle outside the building to tell everyone to go meet in the small auditorium.Everyone came out, and Jiang Kuo suddenly realized that there were a lot of people in this building.Fellow classmates! Don’t you feel hot?!It made Jiang Kuo very excited that the auditorium was air-conditioned. Although the cool air was completely divided up in a few minutes, it was still much more comfortable than his dorm room.Jiang Kuo and his roommates found a spot and sat down.They were quite close to the stage. They could even see the name tags of the various school officals.There were also several freshmen representatives.Representative Li… Representative Su… Representative He…Freshmen Representative Duan Feifan.Jiang Kuo was stunned. Freshmen Representative Duan Feifan?That kid… is a representative?“Can you see it?” asked Jiang Kuo turning to the fatty Li Zirui, “That freshmen representative. Is that Duan Feifan from 107?”“Yeah,” Li Zirui nodded, “He’s repeating the freshmen year.”“Then why can he be a freshmen representative.” Jiang Kuo felt that he had been very active in the dorm building but was still somehow lacking quite a bit of information.“He’s the school hero,” said Li Zirui.Jiang Kuo almost thought that he was having hearing problems, “What the fuck is a school hero?”