*Giggle*The café waiter laughed at Lu Xin who chose not to escape but rather provoked them.The skin on his face ripped apart from the distorted smile. Black flesh was extending out of the wound and turned into deformed tentacles. On some of the tentacles, there were big mouths with small and sharp teeth while some had big rolling eyes.All the mouths were expanding and shooting out sticky liquid.“Let’s go!” said Lu Xin who was trembling from the scene in front of him.“No, look how cute it is…” His sister said while staring at the monster excitedly.The monster roared before she could finish her sentence. The gigantic tentacles of the monster were dancing and coming after him.Lu Xin was bewildered and panicked, “I…”His sister suddenly pulled him aside and swiftly charged towards the monster in his scream.……“The fluctuation of psyche power has reached its limit value…”In the observation spot, one of the staff was briskly typing on the keyboard while screaming, “A level 1 Psyche monster has appeared!”On their screen, the empty train station was shaking violently like an earthquake and there were deep colossal cracks like ravines on the floor around the waiter.  There were also mangled bodies on the floor, seemingly made from the people that were in the café.Like an imperceptible force, it was distorting, destroying everything in its way.“Another train is coming into the station in 3 minutes. There are at least 30 passengers on it!”A staff screamed nervously as he turned and looked at the short-haired woman,“What do we do?”She took a deep breath from her indecisiveness.“A spider-type without any counter weapons should not be able to deal with this type of psyche monster normally…”“But…”“…”In her sight was the vibrating scene on the screen. The subject unexpectedly charged at the monster who was destroying everything around it. The place was in ruins and everything near was ruptured by the psyche force from the monster.But the subject broke through and came by the waiter under all these conditions.He extended his arm grabbing one of the waiters’ arms.*interruption*Just at that moment, the scene completely disappeared from the screen.That was because the camera in the station was thoroughly destroyed by the psyche force.The short-haired woman gasped and promptly shouted, “Swiftly!”Everyone was moving around nervously including the little girl in the room.……“Hehe…”At the same time in the station, Lu Xin was laughing arrogantly in contrast to how he was feeling. A crazed and wild light was flickering in his eyes. In front of him were the chilling and terrifying tentacles while his sixth sense told him that even being grazed by one of them could cause irreversible damage.However, he was only thrilled by the heavy consequences.Evading all the tentacles with different abnormal moves and postures, he finally came by the monster.*Rip*He grabbed on to the flesh and twisted it with the momentum. Fluids were flowing out rapidly.One of the tentacles was torn off.The monster cried in pain as the mouths shrieked uniformly.Lu Xin who was stimulated by the scene started moving in circles around the monster.He was obviously not as strong as the monster, and he could also tell that he would probably die if the monster ever caught him. But not only couldn’t he feel any fear, rather, he was amused. Like a cat teasing a mouse, he moved handily near and away from the monster from time to time. Every time he was near, he’d tear off one of the tentacles.As if he was disassembling the monster.The monster was exasperated and intimidated by the constantly decreasing number of tentacles. But no matter what, Lu Xin was only getting more excited by each moment. Like a ghost, he haunted around the monster, shredding his flesh every time the distance between them closed.The roars of the monster were getting quieter and quieter. At its sides were severed limbs and flesh.However, no matter the flesh or the blood, only disappearance was waiting for them as time passed.Eventually, the monster could no longer resist. Overwhelmed by fear, it scrambled its way to the exit.But Lu Xin jumped onto the walls and ripped a metal pole off. Laughing, he jumped down on the monster and brutally impaled the pole in his prey.*Stab*The pole ran through the back of the monster’s head to the ground, pinning it down.The monster struggled desperately, unconsciously flapping its remaining tentacles around.Lu Xin was crouching not so far away. He was cautious but also enjoyed the monster’s struggle.The innumerable eyes of the monster were all showing intense fear. Suddenly, all the tentacles straightened.Following the sound “slap”, the tentacles became clumps of blood.As the tentacles detonated, the blood was jumping in his direction like a fog.Fortunately, Lu Xin was being cautious. He moved his body to escape the fog of blood.However, the people in the café who chased after him were wrapped in the blood and were awoken.In the previous battle, the waiter who was attacking indiscriminately caused a lot of casualties. But as if they didn’t feel any fear or pain, none of them made any reactions. Suddenly awoken by the blood, they started running in all directions.Some went for the exit, some even jumped on the rail tracks.All of them were mad, it was like they weren’t even afraid of being crushed into a pile of flesh and blood by the train.“Don’t even try.”A frenzied light filled Lu Xin’s eyes. He twitched his pupils and briskly went after a person near him like a bird of prey.It was a crippled obese lady.She was struck by one of the tentacles earlier and her entire left leg was twisted at a bizarre angle. But she was still running away with all her might. Realizing Lu Xin going after her, she turned and opened her mouth savagely to a point where the edges are next to her ears. Her yellow greasy teeth were a lot sharper than usual.At that point, she resembled more of a beast than a man.*Woosh*Lu Xin flashed to the side to dodge the approaching mouth, stretched out his arms and twisted her neck.After that, he agilely chased after the escaping figures.There was a strange sense of frenzies in his eyes. His speed and movements were uncannily quick, he eliminated 4 to 5 customers in the span of just a few seconds – it was just that there were too many customers. Even in just a few seconds, the running crowd had already disappeared from the scene.*Crack*Suddenly, there was a slight sound that resounded in the station.Lu Xin quickly turned and saw the old security guard who was horrified staring at him.He was lucky.Even with how the whole station was in ruins from the previous confrontations, the room he was in was completely unaffected. He was completely fine but the slight movement he made caused a sound that irritated Lu Xin.Lu Xin stared at him with his void-filled eyes and on his face was a distorted and excited expression.He dashed towards the security room and directed his claws-like hands towards his prey.The guard hugged his head with both of his hands.But the expected attacks didn’t happen.……“Enough…”Lu Xin shouted angrily while restraining his sister.Her delicate fingers were just a few centimetres away from the security guard’s head.She was frenzied, but Lu Xin was able to stop her.If he really wanted to.In the previous battle, he didn’t stop his sister because the monster could’ve caught up to them if they made the slightest misjudgment. He wanted to escape but he didn’t want to stop her forcibly, since their movement would have slowed down if they had a disagreement over what to do. For the customers, they were not normal anyway, so he didn’t stop her from killing them.For the security guard though, he was a normal person with no ill intent. Of course he wasn’t going to let her kill him.“Fine, fine…”She was held back by Lu Xin and just when she was about to retort her brother, she saw his angered expression so she placed her thin arms around him to avoid further provoking him.“Don’t be mad at me brother, I did all of that to protect did I not? Look at those monsters, they were very scawy…”She said while giggling.“We could’ve totally escaped if they were that scawy…”Bulged veins could be seen on his forehead. Just about he was going to say something, his sister’s expressions suddenly changed.“For goodness sake those people are coming, let’s get out of here!”Startled, he turned his body to the walls and quickly crawled out of the station.In the empty station, only bloodstains on the floor and the old terrified guard remained.*Grumble*The train entered the station and powder fell from the reverberation.At the same time, a white figure flashed and a doll-like girl appeared in the station.In her hands was an umbrella and she was floating in the air.The rumbling sound of a motorbike followed after her. It was the short-haired woman entering the scene.They were looking around, but they couldn’t see the appearance of the psyche monster. They couldn’t even feel any remains of psyche power nor the subject they were observing. Only bloodstains, disfigured corpses, and the pinned cafe waiter in bits could be seen. Unexpectedly, a frightened expression appeared on the face of the short-haired woman.“How did he do this?”She panicked while talking to herself.A spider-type psyche mutant without any counter weapons nor any cooperation of an armed force.How did he completely eradicate the source of contamination?Her head was filled with doubts. Then she slowly turned and saw the old security guard in the room.He almost went deranged from all the bewilderment, his eyes overwhelmed with fear.In his trembling hands was an old digital camera.Translated by: ListlessEdited by: Summit