Read up to +1 advanced chapters onKo-fi!Chapter 1: Spiritual Elemental PillEastern Domain.Xuan Yang Sect, outer gate.In a thatched hut, a young man with a handsome face sat before the window, holding a bronze mirror in his hand, examining his appearance.A moment later.“Ugh.”Li Xun sighed softly.He slowly put down the bronze mirror while helplessness became apparent on his face.To be honest, being transmigrated into this world did not surprise him.Just now, he acquired the original owner’s memories and learned he was in a high-ranking sect called the Xuan Yang Sect.Currently, he was an outer disciple of the Xuan Yang Sect.“Xuanhuan world, huh?”Li Xun muttered.The world of Xuanhuan was a dangerous one.The strongest cultivators could destroy mountains and capture the stars and the moon. In contrast, weak cultivators were vulnerable, and their lives were like grass.“Fortunately, this body isn’t trash.”“What is even more fortunate is…”“The original owner has the same name as mine, so at least I don’t have to change my name.”Li Xun breathed a sigh of relief.In a sense, it was also a destiny.According to his memory, the original owner had good qualifications, or perhaps one could say the best kind, and had reached the tenth level of Body Tempering within two years of joining the Xuan Yang Sect.Moreover, he was only one step away from entering the Qi Nourishing Realm.Having such a qualification, he could be considered a rare talent within the Xuan Yang Sect or perhaps in some other sacred place.Compared to some other transmigrators, who started as trash, Li Xun felt he belonged to a fortunate group. At least he didn’t have to worry about passing the inner sect assessment three years later.Most importantly, he didn’t have to worry about being sent down the mountain.If the outer disciples of the Xuan Yang Sect failed to make a breakthrough into the Qi Nourishing Realm within five years, they would be sent down the mountain to assist the secular division.Although they weren’t expelled from the sect, it was almost the same.After all, returning once you left the sect was almost impossible.There were still three years left before the five-year deadline. According to Li Xun, even if he were to perform worse, he would still be able to make a breakthrough within the next three years, would he not?Not to mention, he had a pill!Li Xun placed the bronze mirror on the table and took a white jade box. He gently opened the lid, and a pleasant fragrance filled the air.Spiritual Elemental Pill!It was the pill’s name.The main purpose of taking this was to aid in attaining the Qi Nourishing Realm after taking it. This could greatly increase the possibility of making a breakthrough by three layers.When used on someone with high talent like Li Xun, it could increase the chances by almost fifty to seventy percent. Furthermore, considering Li Xun’s bloodline, it could almost be considered a 100 percent breakthrough.“Superior qualifications, superior family background, this setting is awesome…”Li Xun’s lips curled with a smile.“It’s perfect!”This Soul Assembling Pill was sent by the family so that he could breakthrough into the Qi Nourishing Realm faster and become a member of the Inner Sect.The faster he cultivates, the sooner he becomes an inner disciple. In other words, the more promising the potential, the higher the qualification. Once he had joined the inner sect, the elders would likely pay attention to him.And after entering the sight of some elders, did he still need to worry about lacking resources?In the future, when he holds a certain position in the Xuan Yang Sect, the family behind him could benefit a lot from it.“As soon as I become familiar with the cultivation process, I will be able to make a breakthrough almost immediately.”The moment Li Xun thought of this, a sudden sound rang in his ears.[Ding!][The supreme investment system, bounding began…][The supreme investment system is successfully bound!][The Host can now access it]“Hmm?”Hearing the voice in his head, Li Xun’s pupils shrank, and he stood up with an unbelievable look.After a few seconds, he calmed down and muttered, “I got the system?”According to his experience in his previous life, the trash that usually transmigrated in the early stages awakens a system. He didn’t seem to have transmigrated as trash, however.How come there was also a system?This wasn’t routine!But… he liked this routine.Anyway, the transmigrator had a system, didn’t they?“System, introduce your function.”Li Xun regained his composure as he sat back in his chair, asking in his mind.[Host, the only function of the system is investment. For every investment in a person, the Host will receive a corresponding return][The investment levels are white, blue, purple, gold, and red. For each level, the reward differs based on the investment efficiency].[Attention: When encountering an investable person, the system will immediately remind the Host][Attention: The rewards that the Host can obtain are not only the system’s rewards but perhaps also surprises]“Investment?”This was still somewhat new to him.Just now, the system said that there were surprises in addition to the system rewards. This made him confused; what was it?But he couldn’t figure out exactly since he hadn’t invested yet.“It seems that I have to find someone to experiment with first.” Li Xun had such a thought in his head.“By the way, the system…”Li Xun seemed to have thought of something and was about to ask a question. However, his words were interrupted by a knocking sound on the door.“Tuk! Tuk! Tuk! ““Is Senior Brother Li Xun here? Brother Lu Changhe is here for a visit.”>>To read more novels:CLICK HERE…(Thank you so much for reading…)Plz, support us for daily updatesand advance chapters!