“I saw them, I really saw them.”“Saw what?”“Monsters, monsters everywhere. This world has already been colonized by monsters.”“Hmm, what kind of monsters?”“…… of all kinds, help, helppp, they’re coming again!!!!” ！ ！ ！”“……”XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXQin Shaosheng thought he was having a nightmare.One that he could never wake up from.The second he opened his bedroom door, he didn’t see his 3 roommates, but instead, he saw a monster lying on the ground, chewing up corpses.The monster was a giant spider. It had black and white stripes on its abdomen; its eight long legs gave off a cold ghastly metal feeling, and its eyes could make one’s hair stand. Its mouth opened and closed like a pair of pliers, easily shredding the corpses below it.“Crunch, crunch.” The clear chewing sound came from somewhere inside the house, and the monster ate very carefully, until the corpse it was chewing became a skeleton. Only then did it turn to look at the completely stunned Qin Shaosheng.“Ahhh…” A terrifying feeling flowed throughout his whole body. Qin Shaosheng lost his ability to scream due to how terrified he was. He could only stare and widen his eyes, attempting to make a faint yell.“Hissssss…” The monster quickly discovered Qin Shaosheng’s presence. It hissed, like a spider spitting out silk, and then tilted its head. The hollow-looking eyes reflected Qin Shaosheng’s terrified expression.“AAHHHHH!!!” ！ “The fear that almost made Qin Shaosheng’s heart shatter finally allowed him to let out a shrill scream. Qin Shaosheng watched as the monster slowly walked toward him. The pincer like mouth that was still dripping blood appeared on top of Qin Shaosheng.–What is this?? Was he about to die? Why is there such things in this world? – That skeleton, why does it look so familiar?Countless questions and endless fear made Qin Shaosheng’s brain malfunction.His breathing came to a halt and he fainted on the spot.“Hey, Qin Shaosheng, are you okay?” said a hazy voice from above.“What happened to him this time?” Said a familiar voice that finally made Qin Shaosheng have the courage to open his eyes.“…How should I know? I just heard him screaming and now he’s collapsed at the door. I thought something serious had happened.” The person who spoke seemed to be a little aggrieved, “I was scared for a second.”Qin Shaosheng opened his eyes and saw his roommates who were chatting.The name of the person standing on the left was Liu Jiang, and the person standing on the right was called Yan Zhengyin. At this moment, their faces were full of confusion and worry. But it seemed that nothing too out of the extraordinary happened.However, Qin Shaosheng’s relaxed expression suddenly became nervous again when he saw Yan Zhengyin.“What’s wrong with you, Shaosheng?” asked Liu Jiang as he saw Qin Shaosheng wake up, “Are you hurt?” “Your face looks so nervous…”“”No, it’s nothing, I’m okay.” Qin Shaosheng smiled. But that smile looked worse than a frown.“…It doesn’t look like your okay,” said Yan Zhengyin as he studied Qin Shaosheng’s face. After a few seconds, he continued, “Why do I feel like you’re on the verge of death?”“…” Qin Shaosheng laughed, but it looked as if he was about to cry. If he remembered correctly… the corpse that was being eaten under that monster was none other than Yan Zhengyin.“Same clothing, same hair style, and the creepy chewing sound echoed in Qin Shaosheng’s mind again. He forced out another reluctant smile.“It’s nothing… He must have been because of the exam…” Seeing that Qin Shaosheng had woken up, his roommates seemed relieved, “It must be because of the exams.”……This was just the beginning. From that day on, Qin Shaosheng began to find out that all the people around him were eaten by monsters one by one.From roommates, to teachers, and finally to his parents.Even when he saw his own mother being eaten by a colorful “spider”, Qin Shaosheng was already used to it.“Topic: What do I do, I’m scared. Everyone around me is being eaten by a spider-like monster. Before they get eaten, the spiders would even imitate their figures.”Reply 1: Yo are you crazy? HahahaReply 2: Lmao what an idiotReply 3: Summer break is coming up, you should go do homework now.Reply 4: Guys stop saying these mean things, but haha is this for real?Qin Shaosheng sent these messages on the Internet, but these were the replies he received. Which he have guessed it would be like this beforehand.Nobody would ever believe his words. Nobody would ever believe that the people around him were eaten by monsters one after another. Nobody would believe him, except for one person.Before telling Zhou Ze these things, Qin Shaosheng thought that he would never meet someone who believed in him.“I believe you.” Zhou Ze was Qin Shaosheng’s childhood friend. They had been together since kindergarten until college, which they had to separate because of different schools.“Shaosheng, I believe you.” There was a slight worry in Zhou Zhe’s eyes, “But what can we do?”“We can leave here,” said Qin Shaosheng, “Leave here…”“…” Zhou Zhe didn’t reply.“They are really monsters, and I will get eaten one day.” Qin Shaosheng was already devastated, “The only person in this world that would believe me is you, only you…”“Where do you want to go?” Zhou Ze asked.“I want to go to a place with no one…just the two of us…” Qin Shaosheng said.“Ok.” said Zhou Ze as an ambiguous and mysterious smile appeared on Zhou Ze’s face, “Just the two of us.”With that, they sent off.Qin Shaosheng and Zhou Ze left the bustling city and went to a very remote town in the west. There were only ten or so houses here. Qin Shaosheng believed that the monster would never find him in this place.They happily lived here for a while, and Qin Shaosheng’s fear of the monsters was finally partially relieved.However, one night, when Qin Shaosheng woke up, he found a huge spider looking down at him.“AAHHHHH!!!” ！ ！ ！ Qin Shaosheng screamed in horror.“Mister,” said the spider softly, “I like you.”……“How is he?” A middle aged woman in her forties asked the psychiatrist with a worried expression on her face.“Not very good. I have tried all kinds of treatments, but the symptoms have not been going away,” said the doctor, “But don’t worry too much… This kind of disease occurs quite often.”The woman began to sob softly. Her son, Qin Shaosheng, had a mental disorder. He kept pointing at her and her husband and calling them monsters.“You can consider the treatment plan I proposed. After all, Shaosheng and I have been friends for so many years, I don’t want to do this either,” said the doctor.“Alright then, Zhou Ze….” The woman seemed to have no choice, “Thank you for your hard work.”“It’s fine.” The doctor smiled and said, “I have always regarded Shaosheng as my own little brother.“How could he think that he is a person?” said the woman who was still sobbing “That is only the skin we wear… How could he…”If one day, the clothes worn by humans have thoughts, maybe they will also treat humans as monsters, just like Qin Shaosheng. Zhou Ze thought that, Qin Shaosheng must’ve thought of himself as the skin he was wearing, and forgot that he has been a “spider” the entire time.……But this was no longer important. Zhou Ze’s eight eyes looked Qin Shaosheng, who was struggling to escape and screaming miserably underneath him. Zhou Ze showed a sweet smile- he could finally get him, and that, was the end of the story.Translated by: LuckyBambooEdited by: UnderTheMoonNotes: Frist short story on Wonder Novels! Thank you for finishing it. If you liked it and want more, please join our discord and throw us more recommendations!